Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A dynamic switch power converter circuit for improving power utilization of a variable direct current (DC) power source whose output varies as a function of time, the dynamic switch power converter circuit comprising a controller to detect an input power of the DC power source whose absolute power level varies as a function of time, generating higher voltage or lower voltage based on conditions of an environment in which the DC power source is located, the controller to generate a control signal based on the detected input power, and the controller to receive feedback from the DC power source, the controller to further include a memory to store precomputed power curves for the DC power source; and a variable input DC to DC converter to operate at one of multiple input voltages corresponding to the detected input power responsive to the controls signal, wherein the DC to DC converter includes a plurality of input switches, each configured for a different source input power, where the DC to DC converter selectively activates the switches based on the input DC voltage to most closely match the input power from the DC power source; wherein the controller to adjust the DC to DC converter input voltage with the control signal based on the feedback received from the DC power source to more closely match the detected maximum power output of the DC power source based on selective activation of the switches, wherein the controller is to adjust the DC to DC converter input voltage based on the power curves. 2. A circuit as in claim 1, wherein the DC to DC converter comprises a voltage booster, a current booster circuit, or a combination of voltage booster and current booster circuit. 3. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the DC to DC converter comprises a Cuk converter. 4. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the DC to DC converter further includes a pulse signal generator having a predetermined frequency supplied by an oscillator to control energy transfer from the switches to an output accumulator that delivers the DC to DC converter output. 5. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the controller to receive the feedback comprises the controller to monitor the input power at the DC power source. 6. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the controller to receive the feedback comprises the controller to monitor the current and voltage at the output of the DC power source. 7. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the DC power source comprises a solar panel, and wherein the memory of the controller further comprises a memory to store precomputed values of maximum power output of the solar panel for different sunlight conditions. 8. A circuit as in claim 1 wherein the DC power source comprises one of a solar panel, a hydroelectric power source, or a wind power source. 9. A dynamic switch power converter comprising: a controller to detect an input power of a variable direct current (DC) power source, and generate a control signal based on the detected input power, wherein input power from the DC power source varies as a function of time with higher or lower voltage levels based on environmental conditions of the DC power source, and wherein the controller to receive feedback from the DC power source, the controller to include a memory to store precomputed power curves for the DC power source; and a variable input DC to DC converter to operate at one of multiple input voltages responsive to the control signal, wherein the DC to DC converter includes power source feedback and output feedback, to input to the controller to adjust the control signal to adjust the input voltage of the DC to DC converter based on the input power and the output power, a plurality of switches, each configured for a different source input power, where the DC to DC converter selectively activates the switches based on the input voltage to most closely match the input power from the DC power source, and an output accumulator to deliver the DC to DC converter output to a load, wherein the controller is to adjust which switches of the variable DC to DC converter are activated based on the power source feedback, and based on the power curves. 10. A power converter as in claim 9 wherein the DC power source comprises one of a solar panel, a hydroelectric power source, or a wind power source. 11. A power converter as in claim 9 wherein the DC to DC converter further includes a pulse signal generator to control energy transfer from the switches to the output accumulator. 12. A power converter as in claim 9 wherein the output accumulator further comprises a transformer to store energy received from the DC power source and transfer the stored energy to a load based on a control signal from the controller. 13. A power converter as in claim 12 wherein the output accumulator includes multiple accumulator stages, one stage including the secondary windings of the transformer, and another stage including an output capacitor. 14. A power converter as in claim 12 wherein the transformer has a high ratio of primary to secondary windings to boost current to the load. 15. A power converter as in claim 12 wherein the transformer boosts an output voltage at secondary windings of the transformer to match the load when the input voltage is lower than a voltage of the load. 