Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel mounting system, the system comprising: a bracket affixed to a surface for mounting a solar panel, wherein the bracket receives at least one solar panel; and a latch mechanism attached to the solar panel, the latch mechanism including a locking apparatus that secures the solar panel in the bracket and at least one handle that moves between a locked position and an open position, the latch mechanism securing the solar panel in the bracket with the locking apparatus engaging the bracket when the handle is in the locked position, the solar panel being removable when the handle is in the open position. 2. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the latch mechanism further includes a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the handle is in the locked position, and secure the solar panel in the bracket. 3. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the latch mechanism further includes a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the latch mechanism is actuated and secure the solar panel in the bracket. 4. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected when the latch mechanism is disengaged. 5. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel further includes wiring that is disengaged by actuation of a release mechanism. 6. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes wiring having a break-away connection, the break-away connection positioned on an underside of the solar panel. 7. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected by disengaging the solar panel from an installed position in the bracket. 8. The solar panel system of claim 1, further comprising a release handle that deforms the locking apparatus when actuated so as to release the solar panel from the bracket. 9. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes wiring, the latch mechanism severing the wiring when the latch mechanism is released. 10. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is manually mounted in the bracket. 11. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is mounted without tools. 12. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the latch mechanism is manually actuated. 13. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the latch mechanism is actuated without tools. 14. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the handle is moved manually between the locked position and the open position. 15. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein the handle is moved without tools. 16. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is manually removable. 17. The solar panel system of claim 1, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is removable without tools. 18. A solar panel mounting system, the system comprising: a bracket affixed to a surface for mounting a solar panel, wherein the bracket receives at least one solar panel; and a latch mechanism attached to the solar panel, the latch mechanism including a locking apparatus that secures the solar panel in the bracket, at least one handle that moves between a locked position and an open position, and a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the handle is in the locked position and secure the solar panel in the bracket, the latch mechanism securing the solar panel in the bracket when the handle is in the locked position, the solar panel being removable when the handle is in the open position. 19. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the locking apparatus engages the bracket when the handle is in the locked position. 20. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the latch mechanism further includes a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the latch mechanism is actuated and secure the solar panel in the bracket. 21. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected when the latch mechanism is disengaged. 22. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel further includes wiring that is disengaged by actuation of a release mechanism. 23. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel includes wiring having a break-away connection, the break-away connection positioned on an underside of the solar panel. 24. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected by disengaging the solar panel from an installed position in the bracket. 25. The solar panel system of claim 18, further comprising a release handle that deforms the locking apparatus when actuated so as to release the solar panel from the bracket. 26. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel includes wiring, the latch mechanism severing the wiring when the latch mechanism is released. 27. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel is manually mounted in the bracket. 28. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the solar panel is mounted without tools. 29. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the latch mechanism is manually actuated. 30. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the latch mechanism is actuated without tools. 31. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the handle is moved manually between the locked position and the open position. 32. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the handle is moved without tools. 33. The solar panel system of claim 28, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is manually removable. 34. The solar panel system of claim 28, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is removable without tools. 35. A solar panel mounting system, the system comprising: a bracket affixed to a surface for mounting a solar panel, wherein the bracket receives at least one solar panel; and a latch mechanism attached to the solar panel, the latch mechanism including a locking apparatus that secures the solar panel in the bracket, the latch mechanism including a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the latch mechanism is actuated and secure the solar panel in the bracket. 36. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the latch mechanism further includes at least one handle that moves between a locked position and an open position, the latch mechanism securing the solar panel in the bracket when the handle is in the locked position, the solar panel being removable when the handle is in the open position. 37. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein the locking apparatus engages the bracket when the handle is in the locked position. 38. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein the latch mechanism further includes a first plate and a second plate that contact opposite sides of a protrusion of the bracket when the handle is in the locked position, and secure the solar panel in the bracket. 39. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected when the latch mechanism is disengaged. 40. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel further includes wiring that is disengaged by actuation of a release mechanism. 41. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel includes wiring having a break-away connection, the break-away connection positioned on an underside of the solar panel. 42. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel includes wiring that is disconnected by disengaging the solar panel from an installed position in the bracket. 43. The solar panel system of claim 35, further comprising a release handle that deforms the locking apparatus when actuated so as to release the solar panel from the bracket. 44. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel includes wiring, the latch mechanism severing the wiring when the latch mechanism is released. 45. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel is manually mounted in the bracket. 46. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the solar panel is mounted without tools. 47. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the latch mechanism is manually actuated. 48. The solar panel system of claim 35, wherein the latch mechanism is actuated without tools. 49. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein the handle is moved manually between the locked position and the open position. 50. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein the handle is moved without tools. 51. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is manually removable. 52. The solar panel system of claim 36, wherein when the handle is in the open position, the solar panel is removable without tools. 