Description The invention relates to a frame assembly for the mounting of solar modules, especially on flat roofs. Such frame assemblies can also be used on other surfaces which are flat or have only little inclination. Carrier arrangements are known which consist of a base body with a triangular or trapezoid cross-section, whereby the solar modules are positioned on the surface inclined with respect to the roof or floor plane. EP 0 857 926 A1 describes a plastic tub which has an essentially triangular cross-section for the inclined receiving of one or more solar modules. Similarly constructed are the carrier arrangements according to DE 200 08 509 U1 which consists of concrete and DE 201 17 280 U1 with a base body of a heat insulating material. A carrier arrangement is known from EP 1 376 029 A2 which does not include a closed carrier scaffold, but consists of steel sheets which are bent several times in the sheet plane, whereby an inclined supporting surface for the solar module is provided. The bent sheet steel respectively provides the supporting function at the top and the bottom for the solar module. Furthermore, frame assemblies are known on which the solar module is adjustably positioned. U.S. Pat. No. 5,228,924 describes a triangular frame assembly with at least two triangles positioned side by side which at the tip of the triangle are connected with one another by an axis around which the actual carrier assembly for the solar module is pivotable. The triangular frame assemblies are bolted to the roof skin or fixed onto a solid base. Instead of the bolt connection, the carrier construction according to DE 199 63 545 C2 uses magnetic force fields. In addition, a flat roof/floor frame assembly is known from DE 199 22 795 A1 which has a semi-circular module holding arrangement with a groove. The solar module is movable in the groove and thereby fixable at different exposure angles. It is a disadvantage of the frame assemblies that the carrier profiles are special profiles in order to guarantee the fastening of the solar modules. The fastening of the solar modules normally occurs only on a few points so that a special profile is actually not necessary over the whole module length or width. Furthermore, a plurality of solar modules of different dimensions exist, so that each frame assembly must be adapted to the respective dimensions. It is an object of the invention to provide a frame assembly which is of triangular shape especially in cross-section for the support of solar modules and which requires reduced special profile use and to guarantee at the same time a flexibility in the adaptation to different solar module dimensions. This object is achieved with the features according to claim 1, preferred embodiments are the subject of the dependent claims. The frame assembly in accordance with the invention for the support of solar modules consists of at least two flat frames positioned spaced apart and having frame sides, whereby respectively one frame side is configured at an inclination to the floor or roof surface, carrier profile elements for the supporting and fastening of a solar module are respectively movably and fastenably positioned on the inclined frame side, the carrier profile elements are respectively connected with a frame side adjacent to the frame side, not inclined frame sides are movably and fastenably connected with one another and/or have at least one length adjustment arrangement and one of these frame sides has one or more connections to a roof or floor surface. In a preferred embodiment, the frame sides form a triangular frame, preferably a right triangle, or they form a trapezoid frame. The carrier profile elements are thereby respectively positioned in the end region of the respective frame side in such a way that some of them can be respectively moved beyond the end of the frame side and conversely on the frame side. The frame side length can thereby be shortened or lengthened within limits. At the same time, the carrier profile elements connect adjacent frame sides. With such an arrangement, the frame sides can be made of a simple and therefore economical profile, such as an angle, U or T profile. In the preferred embodiment, a continuous T profile is used as the carrier profile, the leg of which, in the transitionary region to the foot, is shaped as a U profile and together with the foot forms a box profile. The inner dimensions of the box profile are such that the respective profile of the frame side is insertable into the box profile with a slight play and is then fastenable. The connection of carrier profiles formed as T profiles with one another and of a T profile with a frame side is preferably carried out respectively in the leg region of the T profile or profiles. The suggested frame assembly thereby has significant advantages. Compared to previous frame assemblies, at least a 50% savings in material can be realized, especially in that the frame sides for the support of the solar modules now no longer need to be special profiles such as the carrier profile elements. Products which can be stored and then recalled are available. Special constructions are no longer necessary, since the most often used solar modules of the width of 800 to 1100 mm can be mounted because of the flexibility provided by the frame assembly, on the one hand by movement of the carrier profiles and also by exchange of the frame side for the support of the solar module by rotation of the frame assembly in the frame assembly plane. In addition, only small parts, mainly the T profile elements need be machined, which is technologically realizable without problems using small automated machinery. An advantageous embodiment of the frame assembly is illustrated by way of the drawings. It is shown in: FIG. 1 a triangular frame assembly, FIG. 2 the connection of two carrier profiles and FIGS. 3 and 4 respectively a connection of carrier profile and frame side. FIGS. 5A-5C the triangular frame assembly as shown in FIG. 1 (FIG. 5A), rotated in the frame assembly plane (FIG. 5B), and the rotated frame with a solar panel mounted on the first frame side (FIG. 5C). FIG. 1 shoes a frame assembly constructed as a triangular frame for the positioning of solar modules 1. Such frame assemblies are positioned spaced apart so that the solar module 1 can be supported on at least two triangular frames. Each triangular frame consists of the frame sides 2, 3, 4, whereby the frame side 4 is inclined in relation to the floor or roof surface 5. Two carrier profile elements 6, 7 are movably and fastenably arranged on the inclined frame side 4 for the supporting and fastening of the solar module 1. These carrier profile elements 6, 7 are at the same time used to create a connection between the two other frame sides 2, 3. The carrier profile 7 is thereby connected with a carrier profile 8 which is movably and fastenably positioned on the frame side 2 and the carrier profile 6 is directly connected with the frame side 3. Furthermore, the frame side 2 at the other end has a further movable and fastenable profile 9 which is also directly connected with the frame side 3. This configuration guarantees that the frame side 4 can be adjusted with respect to its length within limits, namely by about 2/3 of the length of the carrier profile 6, 7, whereby the carrier profiles 8, 9 are also moved and the angles between the frame sides 2, 3; 4, 3 and 2, 3 are possibly changed. In a preferred embodiment, the frame sides 2 and/or 3 furthermore include a length adjustment arrangement. In this embodiment, the frame sides 2 and 4 are angular profiles, while the frame profile 3 consists of a T profile. The T profile has the advantage that respectively half of the foot width can be used for the fastening of a cladding. It is also apparent from FIG. 1 that the frame sides 2 and 4 are of the same construction as the carrier profiles 9, 10 and 6, 7 pushed thereto. However, the frame side 2 is shorter than the frame side 4. By rotation of the frame assembly in the frame assembly plane, the frame sides 2 and 4 can be exchanged relative to their location. The fastening of the frame assembly on the roof or floor surface 5 is then carried out by way of the carrier profile 6, 7, while the carrier profiles 8, 9 provide a support for the solar module 1 (see FIGS. 5A-5C, in which this rotation is shown). This provides a further adjustment for the mounting of solar modules 1 in addition to the possible displacement of the carrier profiles 8, 9 without the need for a change in the frame assembly. FIG. 2 shows that the connection of the carrier profile element 7 with the frame side 2 is carried out by way of a carrier profile 8 which is movably and fastenably positioned on the frame side 2 and connected with the carrier profile 7 by way of a bolt connection 18. It is further apparent that the carrier profile 7 includes a solar module clamp 16 and a bolt element 17. FIGS. 3 and 4 shown in analogous manner the connection of the carrier profile element 6 or 9 with the frame side 3. FIG. 5B shows a rotation of the frame assembly in the frame assembly plane, by which the frame sides 2 and 4 are exchanged relative to their location. This rotation allows the fastening of the frame assembly on the roof or floor surface 5 to be carried out by way of the carrier profile 6, 7, whereas the carrier profiles 8, 9 provide a support for the solar module 1 (compare to FIGS. 1 and 5A, showing the original position of the frame). This provides a further adjustment for the mounting of solar modules 1 in addition to the possible displacement of the carrier profiles 8, 9 without the need for a change in the frame assembly. FIG. 5C shows the rotated frame with the solar module 1 mounted to the first frame side. The carrier profiles 6, 7, 8, 9 are a special profile, namely a T profile, the leg 12 of which in the region of transition to the foot 13 is constructed as a U profile and together with the foot 13 forms a box profile 14. The inner dimensions of the box profile are selected such that the respective profile of the frame side 2, 3, 4 is insertable into the box profile 14 with a slight play and then fastenable. The solar module 1 is supported on respectively slightly less than half the foot 13 of the carrier profile 6, 7 and is fastened by a solar module clamp 16 positioned in the middle of the foot 13. The foot 13 has a thickening 15 which extends in the middle into the box profile 14, so that the thread for solar module clamp 16 has a sufficient strength against tear out. The interconnection of the carrier profiles 6, 7, 8, 9 constructed as T profiles and of a T profile with a frame side 3 respectively occurs in the leg region of the T profile. LIST OF REFERENCES NUMBERS 1 Solar module 2 Frame side 3 Frame side 4 Frame side 5 Roof or floor surface 6 Carrier profile element 7 Carrier profile element 8 Carrier profile element 9 Carrier profile element 10 Connection 11 Connection 12 Leg 13 Foot 14 Box profile 15 Thickening 16 Solar module clamp 17 Fastening element 18 Bolt connection * * * * *