Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: one or more solar collectors configured to collect solar energy; a plurality of base assemblies configured to support the one or more solar collectors on the mounting surface, one or more of the base assemblies comprising: a plurality of junction elements, one of the junction elements configured to connect to another junction element with one or more leg members, said one of the junction elements further comprising a support member configured to securely uphold at least one of the one or more solar collectors, the support member having a shape corresponding to the shape of a coupling member on the at least one solar collector, the support and coupling members attachable to each other to couple the at least one solar collector to the support member; and the junction element comprising at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface that supports the plurality of base assemblies and one or more solar collectors thereon, wherein the plurality of base assemblies rigidly couple to each other to form an array that supports the one or more solar collectors thereon to collect solar energy, the array positionable on the mounting surface. 2. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein one or more of the leg members are rotatably connected to said one of the junction elements. 3. The solar collector support system of claim 2, wherein one or more of the leg members are configured to pivot to a deployed configuration in which the one or more leg members project from the junction element in a substantially radial direction. 4. The solar collector support system of claim 3, wherein the leg members in the deployed configuration lie in a substantially common plane at the mounting surface. 5. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein one or more of the base assemblies further comprises one or more peripheral junction elements adapted to support a wind shield. 6. The solar collector support system of claim 5, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a ballast element. 7. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface is a roof. 8. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein a distal end of at least one of the leg members is configured to securely abut a structure extending from the mounting surface. 9. The solar collector support system of claim 8, wherein the distal end of the at least one of the leg members is configured to extend beyond and about a mounting surface boundary. 10. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the junction element and support member are rotatably coupled. 11. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a plurality of base assemblies that support the one or more solar collectors on the mounting surface, one or more of the base assemblies comprising a plurality of junction elements, one of the junction elements directly connected to another of the junction elements via one or more leg members, said one junction element further comprising a support member that securely holds a solar collector in a position suitable for collecting solar energy, the support member having a shape corresponding to a shape of a complementary coupling member on the solar collector, the support and coupling members attached to each other to couple the solar collector to the support member; and at least one footing attached to the junction element, the at least one footing frictionally engaging the mounting surface that supports the plurality of base assemblies and one or more solar collectors thereon without penetrating the mounting surface, wherein the plurality of base assemblies are rigidly coupled to each other to form an array that supports the one or more solar collectors thereon, the array positionable on the mounting surface. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the leg members lie in a substantially common plane relative to the mounting surface. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein one or more of the base assemblies further comprises one or more peripheral junction elements adapted to support a wind shield. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a ballast element. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the mounting surface is a roof. 16. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a plurality of base assemblies, each base assembly comprising: a plurality of leg members, each of the plurality of leg members comprising a proximal end and a distal end; a center junction element configured to connect to: (a) the proximal end of each of the plurality of leg members; and (b) a support member configured to securely uphold at least one of the one or more one solar collectors; at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface; and at least one peripheral junction element configured to couple distal ends of leg members of two or more base assemblies; wherein the plurality of base assemblies rigidly affix together in an array, and wherein the plurality of leg members of one or more base assemblies are rotatably connected to the corresponding center junction element. 17. The solar collector support system of claim 16, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a wind shield. 18. The solar collector support system of claim 16, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a ballast element. 19. The solar collector support system of claim 16, wherein the mounting surface is a roof. 20. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a plurality of base assemblies, each base assembly comprising: a plurality of leg members, each of the plurality of leg members comprising a proximal end and a distal end; a center junction element configured to connect to: (a) the proximal end of each of the plurality of leg members; and (b) a support member configured to securely uphold at least one of the one or more one solar collectors; at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface; and at least one peripheral junction element configured to couple distal ends of leg members of two or more base assemblies, wherein the plurality of base assemblies rigidly affix together in an array, and wherein the center junction element and support member are rotatably coupled. 