Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector support system for mounting a solar collector to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a first plurality of leg members, each leg member comprising a proximal end and a distal end; and a first junction element configured to receive: the proximal end of each of the first plurality of leg members; a first footing adapted to engage frictionally the mounting surface; and a first structural support member connected to the solar collector; wherein the first plurality of leg members are pivotally connected to the first junction element; the plurality of leg members being configured to pivot between: a deployed configuration in which the plurality of leg members reside in a common plane at the mounting surface, and a stowed configuration in which the plurality of leg members are substantially parallel; wherein the plurality of leg members in the deployed configuration are configured to hold the solar collector upright; wherein the support system further comprises a plurality additional junction elements, each of the additional junction elements being configured to receive the distal end of one of said plurality of leg members; and wherein the first junction element and additional junction elements are substantially identical. 2. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first structural support member is connected to the first footing. 3. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first structural support member is adapted to support a wind shield. 4. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the distal end of the one of the first plurality of leg members receives a ballast element. 5. The solar collector support system of claim 1 further comprising a second junction element that receives the distal end of one of the first plurality of leg members. 6. The solar collector support system of claim 1 further comprising: a ballast element; a second plurality of leg members; a second footing adapted to engage frictionally the mounting surface; a second junction element substantially identical to the first junction element; wherein the second junction element receives: the distal end of a first leg member of the first plurality of leg members, the ballast element, the second plurality of leg members, and the second footing. 7. The solar collector support system of claim 6 wherein the first leg member is detachably attached to both the first junction element and the second junction element. 8. The solar collector support system of claim 6 wherein the first leg member is rotatably attached to at least one of the first junction element and the second junction element. 9. The solar collector support system of claim 6 wherein the second junction element receives the distal end of the first leg member and is adapted to receive a wind shield structural support member. 10. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein one or more of the first plurality of leg members is adapted to house an electrical line. 11. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a distal end of one or more of the first plurality of leg members is adapted to abut a structure extending from the mounting surface. 12. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a distal end of the one or more of the first plurality of leg members is adapted to extend beyond and about a mounting surface boundary. 13. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first plurality of leg members in the stowed configuration extend outwardly away from a bottom side of the first junction element. 14. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first plurality of leg members comprise three leg members that extend radially from the first junction element when in the deployed configuration. 15. The solar collector support system of claim 14 wherein the three extended leg members are 120 degrees apart in the deployed configuration. 