Claims What is claimed is: 1. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system that tracks movements of the sun along at least one axis, the collector system comprising: at least one reflector panel; a framework that supports the at least one reflector panel; a receiver mount carried by the framework; and a solar receiver including a base plate, a string of photovoltaic cells mounted on a first face of the base plate, and a mating structure that engages the receiver mount to support the receiver in a manner such that the receiver is mechanically decoupled from the receiver mount, wherein the base plate carries the mating structure at a location below the string of photovoltaic cells and wherein the mating structure includes a clip that engages the receiver mount in a manner that allows the solar receiver to be removed from the receiver mount without first removing any adjacent solar receivers, when the solar receiver is positioned between adjacent solar receivers. 2. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system as recited in claim 1, wherein the receiver mount includes a rail that slidably receives the mating structure on the receiver. 3. The photovoltaic solar energy collector of claim 2, further comprising a plurality of receiver support rails, each receiver support rail being coupled to the framework and positioned generally adjacent a top edge of an associated trough, wherein each receiver support rail slidably supports at least one associated solar receiver. 4. The photovoltaic solar energy collector of claim 3, wherein each receiver support rail slidably receives a plurality of solar receivers to thereby mechanically decouple the receivers along the receiver support rails in a longitudinal direction. 5. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1 wherein: the at least one reflector panel includes a first reflector panel and a second reflector panel; the receiver mount is carried by the framework at a location adjacent a top edge of the first reflector panel; the base plate carries the mating structure at a location below the string of photovoltaic cells so that the photovoltaic cell extends upward beyond a top edge of the first reflector panel; and the photovoltaic cells are oriented to receive light reflected from the second reflector panel and not from the first reflector panel. 6. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the receiver is mechanically decoupled from the receiver mount in a longitudinal direction. 7. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1 wherein one of the reflector panels is arranged to reflect incident light directly on to the solar receiver and the solar receiver is not positioned adjacent to the one of the reflector panels. 8. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1 wherein the base plate is made of metal and the at least one string of photovoltaic cells and the mating structure are positioned at discrete locations on the first face of the base plate. 9. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 5 wherein the mating structure that engages the receiver mount forms an isolated contact area with the receiver mount that helps to limit thermal contact between the solar receiver and the receiver mount. 10. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1 wherein the mating structure includes a plurality of clips arranged to slidably couple the receiver to the receiver mount. 11. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1 wherein the solar receiver includes a plurality of fins that form a heat sink and wherein two opposing sides of the heat sink are each coupled to a string of photovoltaic cells. 12. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system that tracks movements of the sun along at least one axis, the collector system comprising: at least one reflector panel; a framework that supports the at least one reflector panel; a receiver mount carried by the framework; and at least one solar receiver including at least one string of photovoltaic cells, the at least one solar receiver engaging the receiver mount to support the at least one solar receiver in a manner such that the at least one solar receiver is mechanically decoupled from the receiver mount in a longitudinal direction, wherein the at least one solar receiver engages the receiver mount at discrete locations that are separated from one another along said longitudinal direction. 13. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system as recited in claim 12, wherein the at least one solar receiver includes a plurality of mating structures that are connected at said discrete locations to the solar receivers, wherein each mating structure forms an isolated contact surface with the receiver mount that helps limit thermal contact between the solar receiver and the receiver mount. 14. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system as recited in claim 13, wherein the mating structure is a clip. 15. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system as recited in claim 14, wherein the clip engages the receiver mount in a manner that allows each solar receiver to be removed from the receiver mount without first removing any adjacent solar receivers, when the solar receiver is positioned between adjacent solar receivers. 16. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12, further comprising a plurality of receiver support rails, each receiver support rail being coupled to the framework and positioned generally adjacent a top edge of an associated trough, wherein each receiver support rail slidably supports at least one associated solar receiver. 17. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12 wherein: the at least one reflector panel includes a first reflector panel and a second reflector panel; the receiver mount is carried by the framework at a location adjacent a top edge of the first reflector panel; each solar receiver attaches to the receiver mount at a location below the string of photovoltaic cells so that the photovoltaic cell extends upward beyond a top edge of the first reflector panel; and the photovoltaic cells are oriented to receive light reflected from the second reflector panel and not from the first reflector panel. 18. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12 wherein one of the reflector panels is arranged to reflect incident light directly on to the solar receiver and the solar receiver is not positioned adjacent to the one of the reflector panels. 19. A concentrating photovoltaic solar energy collector system that tracks movements of the sun along at least one axis, the collector system comprising: at least one reflector panel; a framework that supports the at least one reflector panel; a receiver mount carried by the framework; and at least three solar receivers including first, second and third solar receivers that are arranged in a line that extends in a longitudinal direction, the first solar receiver being directly between and adjacent to the second and third solar receivers, each solar receiver including a string of photovoltaic cells and a mating structure, the mating structures engaging the receiver mount in a manner such that the solar receivers are mechanically decoupled from the receiver mount in said longitudinal direction, wherein the mating structure of each solar receiver is arranged to allow the first solar receiver to be removed from the receiver mount without first removing any of the second and third solar receivers. 