Claims What is claimed: 1. A Solar Access Measurement Device ("SAMD") located at a predetermined position, the SAMD comprising: a skyline detector enabled to detect a skyline of a horizon relative to the SAMD; an orientation determination unit enabled to determine magnetic orientation and inclination of the skyline detector; and a processor in signal communication with the skyline detector and the orientation determination unit, the processor enabled to determine the solar access of the predetermined location by calculating the position of the sun at different times of the day and year relative to the skyline. 2. The SAMD of claim 1, wherein the orientation determination unit includes a plurality of accelerometer sensors. 3. The SAMD of claim 1, further including an input device capable of allowing a user to input data to the SAMD. 4. The SAMD of claim 1, further including an output device enabled to output data from the SAMD. 5. The SAMD of claim 1, further including a communication bus enabled to communicate to an external device from the SAMD. 6. The SAMD of claim 1, further including a memory in signal communication with the processor. 7. The SAMD of claim 1, wherein the orientation determination unit includes a compass and an inclinometer. 8. The SAMD of claim 7, wherein the compass and the inclinometer are electronic devices. 9. The SAMD of claim 7, wherein the orientation determination unit further includes a Global Positioning System ("GPS") sensor in signal communication with the processor. 10. The SAMD of claim 1, wherein the skyline detector includes a plurality of image sensors enabled to capture an image of the horizon. 11. The SAMD of claim 10, wherein each image sensor of the plurality of image sensors includes a narrow angle lens. 12. The SAMD of claim 11, wherein the skyline detector further includes a skyline processor and software enabled to analyze the captured image and locate the skyline in the image, and wherein each image sensor produces an individual image and the skyline processor and software combine all the individual images to produce the captured image. 13. The SAMD of claim 12, wherein the processor includes the skyline processor. 14. The SAMD of claim 1, wherein the skyline detector includes an image sensor enabled to capture an image of the horizon. 15. The SAMD of claim 14, wherein the image sensor includes a narrow angle lens and the skyline detector further includes a semispherical mirror enabled to reflect a wide image of the skyline into the narrow angle lens. 16. The SAMD of claim 14, wherein the skyline detector includes a laser rangefinder. 17. The SAMD of claim 14, wherein the image sensor includes a narrow angle lens and the skyline detector further is enabled to sweep the image sensor across the skyline, wherein the skyline detector is enabled to capture a plurality of images while the SAMD records the orientation of the skyline detector determined by the orientation determination unit for each image of the plurality of images. 18. The SAMD of claim 17, wherein the skyline detector further includes a skyline processor and software enabled to analyze the captured image and locate the skyline in the image, and wherein the skyline processor and software combine all the individual images of the plurality of images to produce the captured image. 19. The SAMD of claim 14, wherein the image sensor includes an ultra-wide angle lens that enables the image sensor to capture the image of the horizon. 20. The SAMD of claim 19, wherein the ultra-wide angle lens has a field of view of 180 degrees. 21. The SAMD of claim 19, wherein the skyline detector further includes a skyline processor and software enabled to analyze the captured image and locate the skyline in the image. 22. The SAMD of claim 21, wherein the processor includes the skyline processor. 23. A method for determining solar radiation access at a predetermined location with a Solar Access Measurement Device ("SAMD"), the method comprising: capturing an image that includes a skyline; measuring magnetic orientation and inclination of the captured image; processing the captured image to locate the skyline in the captured image; determining paths of the sun throughout a range of times of day and days of year for a particular latitude of the predetermined location; and determining the amount of solar radiation that will impinge the predetermined location throughout the range. 24. A method for determining solar radiation exposure at a predetermined location utilizing a Solar Access Measurement Device ("SAMD"), the method comprising: course adjusting an orientation of the SAMD to within a designated window; capturing an image with the SAMD; establishing latitude of the SAMD; locating exposed sky in the image; calculating sun paths over one or more designated time periods based on the latitude; and mapping the sun paths onto the captured image. 25. The method of claim 24, further including measuring the orientation of the SAMD. 26. A Solar Access Measurement Device ("SAMD") comprising: a skyline detector; a latitude input; a three-dimensional orientation of the SAMD within a designated window; a processor operable for determining solar exposure of a location of the SAMD by analyzing the position of the sun at different times of day and days of year relative to the skyline; and an output device for conveying the solar exposure. 27. An apparatus comprising: a skyline detector enabled to detect a skyline; a position input; a three-dimensional orientation of the apparatus; a database of satellite locations; a processor in communication with the database and operable for analyzing the skyline to determine if a satellite is obstructed by the skyline; and an output device for conveying results of the determination. 28. An apparatus comprising: a calibrated electronic camera in communication with a first processor operable for capturing an image from the electronic camera; an orientation determination unit in communication with the calibrated electronic camera and enabled to determine the orientation of the calibrated electronic camera; a second processor in communication with the orientation determination unit and operable for determining elevation and azimuth angles of objects in the captured image; and an output device for conveying the elevation and azimuth angles of one or more objects in the captured image. 