Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus configured to supply power from a co-generation device into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle, comprising: a DC to AC inverter configured to receive a first current from the co-generation device and to supply a second current into the non-dedicated branch circuit through the electrical receptacle; means for receiving information representing the value of a third current, the value of the third current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; and means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current so that the apparatus does not cause the third current and the second current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current includes a circuit for adjusting a load impedance presented to the first current. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current includes a maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current includes a disconnect circuit. 5. An apparatus, comprising: a DC to AC inverter configured to receive a first current from a co-generation device and to supply a second current into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle; the inverter adapted to receive information representing the value of a third current, the value of the third current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; and the inverter is adapted to adjust the second current as a function of the value of the third current so that the inverter does not cause the third current and the second current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter adjusts the second current as a function of the value of the third current by adjusting a load impedance presented to the first current. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter adjusts the second current as a function of the value of the third current using a maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 8. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter adjusts the second current as a function of the value of the third current using a disconnect circuit. 9. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter is adapted to receive the information representing the value of the third current by wireless communication. 10. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter is adapted to receive the information representing the value of the third current through the non-dedicated branch circuit. 11. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter is adapted to receive and act upon data that identifies the current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 12. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the inverter is adapted to supply the second current only when the information representing the value of the third current is received. 13. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein: the inverter includes a digital controller adapted to determine if a second inverter is supplying a fourth current to the non-dedicated branch circuit, communicating with the second inverter, and adjusting the second current so that the inverter does not cause the second current, the third current, and the fourth current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 14. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a solar photovoltaic panel for supplying the first current. 15. A system, comprising: a DC to AC inverter configured to receive a first current from a co-generation device and to supply a second current into a non-dedicated branch circuit through an electrical receptacle; means for receiving a signal including information representing the value of a third current, the value of the third current sensed in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit; a current sensor located in proximity to the source of the non-dedicated branch circuit and adapted to sense the third current and transmit the signal; and means for adjusting the second current as a function of the signal so that the system does not cause the third current and the second current in combination to exceed the rated current capacity of the non-dedicated branch circuit. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current includes adjusting a load impedance presented to the first current. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein the means for adjusting the second current as a function of the value of the third current includes a maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 18. The system of claim 15 further including a solar photovoltaic panel for generating the first current. 19. The system of claim 15 wherein the current sensor is adapted to transmit the signal through the non-dedicated branch circuit. 