Claims We claim: 1. A power controller, comprising: a bidirectional alternating current (AC) power connection for connection to a source of AC line power; a bidirectional direct current (DC) power connection for connection to a source of DC power; a bidirectional DC load connection for connection to a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation; and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the AC line power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection, and for converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the source of AC line power via the AC power connection. 2. The power controller in accordance with claim 1, and a bidirectional storage connection for connection to a DC storage device, wherein the DC storage device receives at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power via the storage connection, and wherein the DC storage device supplies stored DC power via the storage connection to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC line power for delivery to the source of AC power via the AC power connection. 3. The power controller in accordance with claim 2, and a converter for delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power via the DC power connection. 4. The power controller in accordance with claim 2, and a processor for monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and for dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the source of AC line power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 5. The power controller in accordance with claim 1, wherein the DC load is a lighting system. 6. The power controller in accordance with claim 1, wherein the source of AC line power is a utility mains line, and wherein the source of DC power is at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 7. The power controller in accordance with claim 1, and a housing for containing the bidirectional power supply, and wherein the housing has a connector for each of the connections. 8. A system for controlling power delivery between a source of alternating current (AC) line power and a direct current (DC) load having variable loading conditions during operation, comprising: a source of DC power; and a power controller having a bidirectional AC power connection for connection to the source of AC line power, a bidirectional DC power connection for connection to the source of DC power, a bidirectional DC load connection for connection to the DC load, and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the AC line power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection, and for converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the source of AC line power via the AC power connection. 9. The system in accordance with claim 8, and a DC storage device, and wherein the power controller includes a bidirectional storage connection for connection to the DC storage device, wherein the DC storage device receives at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power via the storage connection, and wherein the DC storage device supplies stored DC power via the storage connection to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC power for delivery to the source of AC line power via the AC power connection. 10. The system in accordance with claim 9, wherein the power controller includes a converter for delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power via the DC power connection. 11. The system in accordance with claim 9, wherein the power controller includes a processor for monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and for dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device, to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the source of AC line power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 12. The system in accordance with claim 8, wherein the DC load is a lighting system. 13. The system in accordance with claim 8, wherein the source of AC line power is a utility mains line, and wherein the source of DC power is at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 14. The system in accordance with claim 8, and a housing for containing the bidirectional power supply, and wherein the housing has a connector for each of the connections. 15. The system in accordance with claim 8, and an additional power controller and a control unit for monitoring operation of each power controller. 16. A method of power control, comprising the steps of: bidirectionally connecting a source of alternating current (AC) line power to a power controller; bidirectionally connecting a source of direct current (DC) power to the power controller; bidirectionally connecting a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation to the power controller; converting the AC power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load in response to the loading conditions of the DC load; and converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the source of AC line power in response to the loading conditions of the DC load. 17. The method in accordance with claim 16, and bidirectionally connecting a DC storage device to the power controller, the DC storage device receiving at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power, and the DC storage device supplying stored DC power to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC power for delivery to the source of AC line power. 18. The method in accordance with claim 17, and delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power. 19. The method in accordance with claim 18, and monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the source of AC line power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 20. The method in accordance with claim 17, and configuring the DC load as a lighting system. 21. The method in accordance with claim 17, and configuring the source of AC line power as a utility mains line, and configuring the source of DC power as at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 22. The method in accordance with claim 17, and containing the bidirectional power supply in a housing having respective connectors for the source of AC line power, the source of DC power, and the DC load. 23. The method in accordance with claim 17, and monitoring operation of an additional power controller. 