Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for converting electrical power, the system comprising: a direct electrical current source; a plurality of pulse amplitude modulated current converters ("converters") connected to the direct electrical current source, wherein each of the converters receives direct electrical current from the direct electrical current source and each of the converters provides pulse amplitude modulated current pulses at an output terminal of the converter and further wherein the output terminal of each converter is electrically connected in parallel with the output terminals of all of the other converters in the system and further wherein the current pulses of at least two converters are out of phase with respect to each other, thereby summing the current pulses of all of the converters such that a signal modulated onto the pulse output of the converters is demodulated. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the current pulse of each converter is out of phase with respect to the current pulses of all other converters. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is a sixty-cycle alternating current voltage. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is an approximately fixed value of direct current voltage. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is a square wave. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is a triangle wave. 7. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is a Gaussian wave. 8. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal provides a communications signal for communicating data. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein the communications signal provides data from a given converter to at least one other converter in the system. 10. The system according to claim 8, wherein the communications signal provides data from a given converter to all other converters in the system. 11. The system according to claim 8, wherein the data comprises phase data. 12. The system according to claim 8, wherein the data comprises control commands. 13. The system according to claim 8, wherein the data comprises operational data. 14. The system according to claim 1 wherein the direct electrical current source is a photovoltaic panel. 15. The system according to claim 1 wherein the direct electrical current source is a wind powered generator. 16. The system according to claim 1 wherein the direct electrical current source is a tidal power generator. 17. The system according to claim 1 wherein the direct electrical current source is a piezoelectric power generator. 18. The system according to claim 1 wherein the direct electrical current source is a battery. 19. The system according to claim 8, wherein the communications signal is superimposed upon the signal. 20. The system according to claim 1, wherein the current pulses are modified to diminish any distortion of the signal. 