Claims I claim: 1. A method for detecting islanding at a location of a utility grid associated with a distributed generation system, the method comprising: receiving a frequency of the location of the utility grid associated with the distributed generation system; determining a frequency bias based on a greater of (1) a first value based on a frequency error associated with the frequency of the location of the utility grid, and (2) a second value based on application of a sign of the frequency error to a disturbance value; and injecting a generated waveform into the location of the utility grid associated with the distributed generation system, wherein the waveform is generated based on the frequency bias. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the frequency of the location of the utility grid is a first frequency and wherein the method further comprises: receiving a second frequency of the location of the utility grid associated with the distributed generation system; comparing the second frequency of the location of the utility grid with a threshold frequency; and detecting islanding at the location of the utility grid associated with the distributed generation system if the second frequency of the location of the utility grid meets or exceeds the threshold frequency. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining the frequency error based on a difference between the frequency of the location of the utility grid and an average frequency for the location of the utility grid. 4. A method in an inverter for detecting islanding at a location of a utility grid associated with a photovoltaic array, the method comprising: measuring a frequency of the location of the utility grid associated with the photovoltaic array; and injecting a frequency disturbance into the location of the utility grid associated with the photovoltaic array; wherein the frequency disturbance is based on a greater of (1) a value of a frequency error due to the measured frequency and (2) a value of a frequency drift to a resonant frequency of the utility grid, wherein the value of the frequency error due to the measured frequency includes a value for loop gain times a value for a difference between the measured frequency and an average frequency for the utility grid. 5. A system for detecting islanding at a location of a utility grid receiving power from one or more power generation sources via one or more inverters, the system comprising: a waveform generation module configured to generate a waveform based on a calculated frequency bias, wherein the calculated frequency bias includes an inverter frequency component and a frequency bias component, and wherein the frequency bias component is based on a greater of 1) a first value based on a frequency error associated with a frequency of the utility grid, and 2) second value based on a direction of the frequency error and a disturbance value; a waveform injection module configured to inject the generated waveform into the utility grid; and a frequency comparison module configured to compare the frequency of the utility grid with a threshold frequency and provide an indication of islanding if the frequency of the utility grid meets or exceeds the threshold frequency. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the frequency of the utility grid changes to compensate for a changed load frequency. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein, if the frequency of the utility grid does not meet the threshold frequency, the waveform generation module is further configured to generate an additional waveform and the waveform injection module is further configured to inject the generated additional waveform into the utility grid. 8. The system of claim 5, further comprising: an islanding prevention module that interrupts provision of power by the inverter to the utility grid in response to an indication of islanding provided by the frequency comparison module. 9. An inverter configured to supply power to a utility grid, the inverter comprising: a power reception subsystem configured to receive generated direct current power from a power generation source; a current inverter subsystem configured to convert the received direct current power to alternating current power; and an anti-islanding subsystem configured to cause the supply of power to the utility grid to be interrupted, wherein the anti-islanding subsystem includes: a waveform injection module configured to inject a waveform into the utility grid; and a frequency module configured to determine a frequency bias based on a greater of 1) a first value based on a frequency error associated with a frequency of the utility grid and 2) a second value based on a direction of the frequency error and a disturbance value, wherein the injected waveform is based on the determined frequency bias. 10. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the power generation source includes a photovoltaic array. 11. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the power generation source includes a wind turbine. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein determining the frequency bias includes determining the frequency bias according to the equation .DELTA.F=max(S.DELTA.F.sub.o, G.DELTA.f), where (S) is a sign of the frequency error, (.DELTA.F.sub.o) is the disturbance value, (G) is a gain, and (.DELTA.f) is the frequency error. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the disturbance value is based on a frequency drift of the location of the utility grid with respect to a resonant frequency. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein the first value is further based on a gain. 15. The system of claim 5 wherein the waveform generation module is a first waveform generation module, the waveform injection module is a first waveform injection module, the frequency comparison module is a first frequency comparison module, and wherein the system further comprises: a first inverter that includes the first waveform generation module, the first waveform injection module, and the first frequency comparison module; and a second inverter that includes: a second waveform generation module configured to generate a waveform based on a calculated frequency bias, wherein the calculated frequency bias includes an inverter frequency component and a frequency bias component, and wherein the frequency bias component is based on a greater of 1) a first value based on a frequency error associated with a frequency of the utility grid, and 2) a second value based on a direction of the frequency error and a disturbance value; a second waveform injection module configured to inject the generated waveform into the utility grid; and a second frequency comparison module configured to compare the frequency of the utility grid with a threshold frequency and provide an indication of islanding if the frequency of the utility grid meets or exceeds the threshold frequency. 16. The system of claim 5 wherein the frequency bias component (.DELTA.F) is determined according to the equation .DELTA.F=max(S.DELTA.F.sub.o,G.DELTA.f), where (S) indicates the direction of the frequency error, (.DELTA.F.sub.o) is the disturbance value, (G) is a gain, and (.DELTA.f) is the frequency error. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the frequency error (.DELTA.f) is determined according to the equation .DELTA.f=f.sub.m-f.sub.ave, where (f.sub.m) is an instantaneous frequency of the utility grid and (f.sub.ave) is an average frequency of the utility grid. 18. The system of claim 5 wherein the disturbance value is based on a frequency drift of the utility grid. 19. The system of claim 5 wherein the first value is further based on a gain. 20. The inverter of claim 9 wherein the frequency module is further configured to determine the frequency bias (.DELTA.F) according to the equation .DELTA.F=max(S.DELTA.F.sub.o,G.DELTA.f), where (S) indicates the direction of the frequency error, (.DELTA.F.sub.o) is the disturbance value, (G) is a gain, and (.DELTA.f) is the frequency error. 21. The inverter of claim 20 wherein the frequency module is further configured to determine the frequency error (.DELTA.f) according to the equation .DELTA.f=f.sub.m-f.sub.ave, where (f.sub.m) is an instantaneous frequency of the utility grid and (f.sub.ave) is an average frequency of the utility grid. 22. A method of generating an output waveform, the method comprising: determining a grid frequency of an electrical grid; determining a first frequency bias based on a greater of 1) a first value based on a frequency error associated with the grid frequency, and 2) a second value based on a disturbance value; determining a second frequency bias of a power-producing system coupled to the electrical grid; determining an output frequency bias based on the first frequency bias and the second frequency bias; and generating, by the power-producing system, a output waveform based on the output frequency bias. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein determining the first frequency bias includes: determining the first frequency bias (.DELTA.F) according to the equation .DELTA.F=max(S.DELTA.F.sub.o,G.DELTA.f), where (S) indicates a direction of the frequency error (.DELTA.f), (.DELTA.F.sub.o) is the disturbance value, (G) is a gain; and determining the frequency error (.DELTA.f)according to the equation .DELTA.f=f.sub.m-f.sub.ave, where (f.sub.m) is an instantaneous frequency of the electrical grid and (f.sub.ave) is an average frequency of the electrical grid. 24. The method of claim 22 wherein the first value is further based on a gain and the second value is further based on a direction of the frequency error. 25. The method of claim 22 wherein the disturbance value is based on a frequency drift with respect to a resonant frequency of the electrical grid. 