Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power management system, comprising: a plurality of independent DC power sources connected to a DC bus; wherein at least one of the independent power sources comprises a rechargeable DC power source for supplying power to and receiving power from the DC bus, and wherein at least one of the DC power sources is a fuel cell or a PhotoVoltaic (PV) array; a DC to DC converter connected between an output of the rechargeable DC power sources and the DC bus in parallel with the fuel cell or the PV array; and a system controller for managing power transfer between the multiple independent DC power sources and the DC bus. 2. A power management system according to claim 1, wherein the system controller is configured to control the current supplied from each of the power sources to the DC bus and from the DC bus to each of the power sources. 3. A power management system according to claim 1, further comprising an inverter for converting DC power from the independent DC power sources into AC power. 4. A power management system according to claim 1, wherein the fuel cell comprises a fuel cell controller. 5. A power management system according to claim 4, wherein the system controller communicates with the fuel cell controller to control the amount of power supplied by the fuel cell to the DC bus. 6. A power management system according to claim 1, wherein the DC to DC converter further comprises a converter control circuit that communicates with the system controller to control an amount of power transferred between the DC to DC converter and the DC bus. 7. A power management system according to claim 1, further comprising an inverter, wherein the DC to DC converter is arranged in series between the fuel cell or the PV array and the inverter. 8. A power management system according to claim 1, further comprising an inverter, wherein the DC to DC converter is arranged in parallel with the fuel cell or the PV array and the inverter. 9. A method for managing multiple independent DC power sources, comprising: arranging a plurality of independent DC power sources in communication with a DC bus; wherein at least one of the DC power sources comprises a fuel cell or a PV array; converting a voltage from one or more of the independent DC power sources to conform to a voltage of the DC bus; wherein converting a voltage from one or more of the independent DC power sources to confirm to a voltage of the DC bus comprises arranging a DC to DC converter in series between one or more of the independent DC power sources and the DC bus and in parallel with the fuel cell or the PV array and the DC bus; and controlling the amount of power that the DC bus supplies to or receives from one or more of the independent power sources. 10. A method of managing multiple independent DC power sources according to claim 9, wherein controlling the amount of power that the DC bus supplies to or receives from one or more of the independent power sources comprises integrating between a plurality of modes wherein each of the DC power sources is either supplying some or all of the required power, being recharged by one or more of the other DC power sources, or being isolated from the DC bus. 11. A method of managing multiple independent DC power sources according to claim 9, wherein converting a voltage from one or more of the independent DC power sources to conform to a voltage of the DC bus comprises arranging a DC to DC converter in series between a rechargeable DC power source and the DC bus. 12. A method of managing multiple independent DC power sources according to claim 11, wherein the DC to DC converter is arranged in parallel with the fuel cell or the PV array and an inverter. 