Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A frame assembly for the mounting of solar modules to a floor or roof surface, the frame assembly consisting of at least two triangular flat frames positioned spaced apart, each flat frame having a first, second, and third frame side, whereby: respectively the third of said frame sides is configured at an inclination to the floor or roof surface; first and second carrier profile elements for the supporting and fastening of a solar module are respectively movably and fastenably positioned on said third frame side, and wherein said second and first carrier profile elements are respectively also connected with the first and second of said frame sides adjacent to the third side; the first and second frame sides are movably and fastenably connected with one another and include at least one length adjustment arrangement, and wherein the first frame side has one or more connections to the roof or floor surface; the third carrier profile element connects the second carrier profile element with the first frame side, wherein said third carrier profile element is movably positioned on the first frame side and connected with the second carrier profile element; the fourth carrier profile element connects the first and second frame sides, wherein said fourth carrier profile element is movable on the first frame side and rigidly connected with the second frame side; and each carrier profile element has a T profile, having a leg and a foot, wherein the leg comprises a transition region, adjacent to the foot, said transition region having a U profile, which U profile forms a box profile together with the foot. 2. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first, second, and third frame sides form a triangular frame. 3. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first and second carrier profile elements are respectively positioned in an end region of the frame side in such a way that they are movable thereon at least partially beyond the end of the third frame side. 4. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the connection of the first carrier profile element with the second frame side is movable and lockable. 5. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the inner dimensions of the box profile are selected such that the respective profile of the frame sides can be inserted into the box profile with slight play and fastened. 6. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein a solar module is supported on less than half the foot and fastened to the foot by a solar module clamp positioned in the middle of the foot. 7. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the foot has a thickening which extends in the middle into the box profile. 8. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the second and third carrier profile elements are connected to each other, wherein the first and fourth carrier elements are connected to the second frame side, and wherein said connections occur in the leg region of the T profile of the respective carrier profile elements. 9. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein by rotating the triangular frame assembly, consisting of the first, second, and third frame sides in the frame assembly plane, the first frame side previously used for the fastening to the roof or floor surface is used as the frame side for the fastening of the solar module and vice versa. 10. The frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first, second, and third frame sides form a right triangular frame. 11. A frame assembly for the mounting of solar modules to a floor or roof surface, the frame assembly consisting of at least two triangular flat frames positioned spaced apart, each flat frame having a first, second, and third frame side, whereby: respectively the third of said frame sides is configured at an inclination to the floor or roof surface; first and second carrier profile elements for the supporting and fastening of a solar module are respectively movably and fastenably positioned on said third frame side, and wherein said second and first carrier profile elements are respectively also connected with the first and second of said frame sides adjacent to the third side; the first and second frame sides are movably and fastenably connected with one another and include at least one length adjustment arrangement, and wherein the first frame side has one or more connections to the roof or floor surface; the first, second, and third frame sides each have an angular profile, a U profile, or a T profile; and the second frame side, not fastened to the roof or floor surface, has a T profile, having a leg and a foot. 