Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of providing power, comprising: providing no power to an output device if the output device cannot or should not use power; and providing power to the output device from an input source if the output device can use power as follows: providing power to the output device from the input source according to a maximum power point tracking algorithm when a power available at the input source would not overload the output device; and providing power to the output device from the input source according to a target power when the power available at the input source would overload the output device. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the input source comprises a photovoltaic device. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the output device comprises a battery. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the target power is based on a charging profile of the battery. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein when the output device cannot or should not use power condition occurs when the battery is fully charged and wherein when the output device can use more power condition occurs when the battery is not fully charged. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising calculating the target power based on a difference between a target voltage and a load voltage of the battery, wherein the target voltage is associated with the charging profile of the battery. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of calculating the target power further comprises multiplying the difference between the target voltage and the load voltage by a gain factor associated with characteristics of the battery. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the step of calculating the target power further comprises limiting the target power to a clamping value. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein providing power to the battery from the input source according to the target power when the power available at the input source would overload the battery comprises matching the power provided from the input source to the target power. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein matching the power provided from the input source to the target power is performed by control of a switching power supply. 11. The method of claim 2, further comprising calculating the target power based on a proportional-integral control algorithm. 12. The method of claim 2, further comprising calculating the target power based on a proportional control algorithm. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining when the power available at the input source would or would not overload the output device based on a comparison of a maximum power of the photovoltaic device to the target power. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining when the power available at the input source would or would not overload the output device based on a comparison of an instantaneous power of the photovoltaic device the target power. 15. The method of claim 3, wherein the battery is selected from a lead-acid, valve regulated lead-acid (VRLA), alkaline, nickel-iron, nickel-cadmium, nickel hydrogen, nickel-metal hydride, nickel-zinc, lithium ion, lithium polymer, lithium iron phosphate, lithium sulfur, nano titanate, thin film lithium, zinc-bromine, vanadium redox, sodium-sulfur, molten salt, super iron or silver zinc battery. 16. A power apparatus, comprising: a power supply comprising a supply input and a supply output configured to be electrically connected to an output device; and a controller for controlling the power supply, the controller comprising a maximum power point tracker that monitors the supply input; wherein the controller is configured to cause the power supply to: provide no power to the supply output if the output device cannot or should not use power; and provide power to the supply output from the supply input if the output device can use power as follows: provide power to the supply output from the supply input according to a maximum power point tracking algorithm performed by the maximum power point tracker when power available at the supply input would not overload the output device; and provide power to the supply output from the supply input according to a target power when the power available at the supply input would overload the output device. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the supply input is configured to be electrically connected to a photovoltaic device. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the output device comprises a battery. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein when the output device cannot or should not use power condition occurs when the battery is fully charged and wherein when the output device can use power condition occurs when the battery is not fully charged. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, further comprising an overload module that compares the target power to the power at the supply input. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the target power is based on a charging profile of the battery stored in a memory of the controller. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the power supply comprises a switching power supply. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein the switching power supply comprises a pulse-width-modulated buck regulator. 24. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising a proportional-integral controller responsive to the supply output wherein the target power is based on a value provided by the proportional-integral controller. 25. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising a proportional controller responsive to the supply output wherein the target power is based on a value provided by the proportional controller. 26. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the controller performs a seamless transition between any two of an off mode in which no power is provided to the supply, a maximum power point tracking algorithm mode, and a matched power mode in which power to the supply output is provided according to the target power, by controlling a duty cycle of the power supply. 27. A charging system, comprising: a photovoltaic device; a charging device electrically connected to the photovoltaic device, the charging device comprising a maximum power point tracker and a power supply; and a battery electrically connected to the charging device, wherein the charging device is configured to: provide no power to the battery if the battery is fully charged; and provide power to the battery from the photovoltaic device if the battery is not fully charged as follows: provide power to the battery from the photovoltaic device according to a maximum power point tracking algorithm performed by the maximum power point tracker when a maximum power of the photovoltaic device would not overload the battery; and provide power to the battery from the photovoltaic device according to a target power when the maximum power of the photovoltaic device would overload the battery. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the target power is based on a charging profile of the battery. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the charging device is further configured to: monitor a battery voltage; compare voltage difference between the battery voltage and a target voltage which is based on the charging profile of the battery; and calculate the target power by adjusting the voltage difference by a gain term based on characteristics of the battery. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the battery is selected from a lead-acid, valve regulated lead-acid (VRLA), alkaline, nickel-iron, nickel-cadmium, nickel hydrogen, nickel-metal hydride, nickel-zinc, lithium ion, lithium polymer, lithium iron phosphate, lithium sulfur, nano titanate, thin film lithium, zinc-bromine, vanadium redox, sodium-sulfur, molten salt, super iron or silver zinc battery. 