Claims We claim: 1. A method of operating a power system comprising a switch mode inverter, a photovoltaic source electrically couplable to the inverter via a DC bus, a load electrically couplable to the inverter via an AC grid bus, and a controller communicatively coupled to supply control signals to the inverter, the method comprising: in an outer voltage feedback loop, determining a DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source; and determining a current reference value at least in part on a sum of the determined DC voltage reference value and a DC voltage value indicative of a voltage across the DC bus; and in an inner current feedback loop, determining a current command value based at least in part on a sum of the determined current reference value and a current value indicative of a current through the load; and producing control signals for controlling the inverter based at least in part on the determined current command value. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the load is an electrical power grid, and further comprising: determining the current flowing through the electrical power grid. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein determining a current command value based at least in part of a sum of the determined current reference value and a load current value indicative of a current through the load comprises: summing the determined current reference value and a negative of the load current value. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein producing control signals for controlling the inverter comprises: regulating the current command value; and pulse width modulating the regulated current command value. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein determining a current reference value at least in part on a sum of the determined DC voltage reference value and a DC voltage value indicative of a voltage across the DC bus comprises: summing the DC reference voltage value and a negative of the DC voltage value; and proportionally integrating the sum of the DC reference voltage value and the negative of the DC voltage value. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein determining a DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: determining which of two control regimes to apply based on a rapidity of change in at least one of the DC voltage across the DC bus and, or a DC power. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power exceeds a threshold, and wherein determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: increasing the DC voltage reference value if a change in the DC voltage value and a change in a power produced by the photovoltaic source are both increasing or both decreasing; and decreasing the DC voltage reference value if one of the change in the DC voltage value and the change in the power produced by the photovoltaic source is increasing and the other of the change in the DC voltage value and the change in the power produced by the photovoltaic source is decreasing. 8. The method of claim 6 wherein the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power exceeds a threshold, and determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: increasing the DC voltage reference value if a change in the DC voltage value and a change in a power produced by the photovoltaic source are both increasing or both decreasing. 9. The method of claim 6 wherein the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power exceeds a threshold, and determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: decreasing the DC voltage reference value if one of a change in the DC voltage value and a change in a power produced by the photovoltaic source is increasing and the other of the change in the DC voltage value and the change in the power produced by the photovoltaic source is decreasing. 10. The method of claim 6 wherein when the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power does not exceed a threshold, and wherein determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: maintaining assign of a voltage adjustment value, if an absolute value of a change in power is greater than a power error threshold; and setting the DC voltage reference value equal to a sum of the voltage adjustment value and a previous value of the DC voltage reference value. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein when the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power does not exceed a threshold, and wherein determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: changing a sign of a voltage adjustment value, if a change in power is not greater than zero; and setting the DC voltage reference value equal to a sum of the voltage adjustment value and a previous value of the DC voltage reference value. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein when the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power does not exceeds a threshold, and wherein determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: maintaining a sign of a voltage adjustment value, if a change in power is greater than a threshold change in power; and setting the DC voltage reference value equal to a sum of the voltage adjustment value and a previous value of the DC voltage reference value. 13. A power system for supplying power to a load, comprising: a switch mode inverter, electrically couplable to the load via an AC grid bus; a photovoltaic source electrically couplable to the inverter via a DC bus; and a control system communicatively coupled to supply control signals to the inverter means for determining an occurrence of a change in voltage of a photovoltaic source, the control system comprising: an outer voltage feedback loop, the outer voltage feedback loop comprising: means for determining a DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source; and means for determining a current reference value at least in part on a sum of the determined DC voltage reference value and a DC voltage value indicative of a voltage across the DC bus; and an inner voltage feedback loop, the inner voltage feed back loop comprising: means for determining a current command value based at least in part of a sum of the determined current reference value and a current value indicative of a current through the load; and means for producing control signals for controlling the inverter based at least in part on the determined current command value. 14. The power system of claim 13 wherein the means for determining a current command value based at least in part of a sum of the determined current reference value and a load current value indicative of a current through the load comprises: means for summing the determined current reference value and a negative of the load current value. 15. The power system of claim 13 wherein the means for determining a current reference value at least in part on a sum of the determined DC voltage reference value and a DC voltage value indicative of a voltage across the DC bus comprises: a summing junction coupled to sum the DC reference voltage value and a negative of the DC voltage value; and proportional/integral controller coupled to proportionally integrate the sum of the DC reference voltage value and the negative of the DC voltage value. 16. The power system of claim 13 wherein the means for determining a DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source comprises: means for determining which of two control regimes to apply based on a rapidity of change in the DC voltage across the DC bus and, or a DC power. 17. The power system of claim 16 wherein the means for determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source when the rapidity of change in the DC voltage exceeds a threshold comprises: means for increasing the DC voltage reference value if a change in the DC voltage value and a change in a power are both increasing or both decreasing; and decreasing the DC voltage reference value if one of the change in the DC voltage value and the change in the power is increasing and the other of the change in the DC voltage value and the change in the power is decreasing. 18. The power system of claim 16 wherein the means for determining the DC voltage reference value based at least in part on at least one operational characteristic of the photovoltaic source when the rapidity of change in the DC voltage and, or the DC power does not exceed a threshold comprises: means for maintaining a sign of a voltage adjustment value, if an absolute value of a change in power is greater than a power error threshold, changing a sign of a voltage adjustment value, if a change in power is not greater than zero, maintaining a sign of a voltage adjustment value, if a change in power is greater than a threshold change in power, and setting the DC voltage reference value equal to a sum of the voltage adjustment value and a previous value of the DC voltage reference value. 19. A method of operating a power system, the method comprising: monitoring a trend in power available from a power source; determining whether a change in the trend in power available from the power source is decreasing or increasing; changing a sign of a voltage adjustment value in response to determining that the change in the trend in power available from the power source is decreasing; determining a new voltage reference value based at least in part on the voltage adjustment value and a previous voltage reference value; and determining a current command to drive a power converter coupled to transform power from the power source based at least in part on the new voltage reference value. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: summing the new voltage reference value with a power source voltage value indicative of a voltage across the power source; and proportionally integrating the sum of the new voltage reference value and the power source voltage value to produce a current reference value. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising: summing the current reference value with a load current value indicative of current through a load electrically coupled to the power converter. 22. A method of operating a power system, the method comprising: monitoring a power available from a power source; monitoring a voltage available from the power source; increasing a DC voltage reference value if a change in the power and the voltage available from the power source value are both increasing or both decreasing; decreasing the DC voltage reference value if one of the change in the power and the voltage available from the power source is increasing and the other of the change in the power and the voltage available from the power source is decreasing; determining a current reference value in a feedback loop based at least in part on the voltage reference value and the voltage available from the power source; and determining a current command to drive a power converter coupled to transform power from the power source based at least in part on the current reference value. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein determining a current command to drive a power converter coupled to transform power from the power source based at least in part on the current reference value comprises: summing the current reference value with a negative of a current draw by a load electrically coupled to the power converter; regulating the resulting sum; and pulse width modulating the regulated sum to produce pulse width modulated control signals. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the power source is a photovoltaic power source and the power converters is a switch mode inverter, and further comprising: supplying the pulse width modulated control signals to the switch mode inverter for controlling the operation thereof to transform DC power from the power source into AC power for driving the load. 