Claims What is claimed is: 1. A building integrated power generating system comprising: a plurality of unitized curtain wall elements defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are adapted to be hung from and situated in front of the building structure a plurality of energy conversion devices integrated and contained within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements; each of said plurality of energy conversion devices being coupled to an associated power control module that is adapted to optimize a power output of at least one of such plurality of energy conversion devices; wherein a plurality of associated power control modules for said plurality of energy conversion devices are also integrated and contained within said unitized curtain wall elements; wherein the power generating system is integrally incorporated and contained within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices can be selectively activated or de-activated by said corresponding power control modules on an individual basis or a floor by floor basis. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices and can be selectively activated or de-activated based on shading, cleaning and/or scheduled maintenance. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module receives power and signals from an energy conversion device both by physical connection and wireless connection. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module is physically attached to and/or a part of a photovoltaic module containing a solar energy conversion device. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module is coupled to a management unit adapted to control an entire array of energy conversion devices. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said management unit is coupled to an automated DC disconnect adapted to activate and deactivate an entire array of energy conversion devices. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said management unit is coupled to a remote server adapted to monitor said array. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are interconnected in a continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said continuous grid extends across an entire floor. 11. A building integrated photovoltaic power generating system comprising: a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; wherein said unitized curtain wall units are adapted to be hung from and situated in front of the building structure; each of said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units having an integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device contained therein; a control module associated with and coupled to each integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device, which control module is adapted to optimize a power output of such photovoltaic energy conversion device within a solar power generating array; said control module also being integrated and contained within said interconnected unitized curtain wall units and including electrical wiring for transmitting a power output from an associated integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device to a separate control unit within said solar power generating array. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said unitized curtain wall units are interconnected in a two dimensional continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules mitigate effects of shading on said integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules are attached directly to said associated integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules are mounted within a wireway or raceway integrated within said unitized curtain wall units. 16. The system of claim 11 wherein at least some input/output control signals from said control modules are communicated wirelessly between such control module and said integrated photovoltaic energy device. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein said power output is returned to a utility grid. 18. The system of claim 11 wherein at least a portion of said power output is used to power outlets and/or mechanical systems in the building structure. 19. The system of claim 11 wherein the system is compliant with Underwriters Laboratories (UL) requirements and does not require additional UL certification or inspection prior to operation. 