Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power system comprising: a plurality of power generation units configured to generate power from a renewable energy source; and, a server comprising a display, said server configured to: establish a communication with said plurality of power generation units; and, display a status of said plurality of power generation units on said display, wherein the status includes at least one of a communication status, a network usage, and a communication latency of said plurality of power generation units. 2. A power system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said server is further configured to display a graphical representation of said plurality of power generation units on said display. 3. A power system in accordance with claim 2, wherein the graphical representation includes at least one coloring representing the status of said plurality of power generation units. 4. A power system in accordance with claim 3, wherein an intensity level of the at least one coloring representing the status of said plurality of power generation units is changed based on the status of said plurality of power generation units. 5. A power system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said server is further configured to transmit a first status information request to said plurality of power generation units. 6. A power system in accordance with claim 5, wherein said server is further configured to monitor a response time of the first status information request from said plurality of power generation units. 7. A power system in accordance with claim 6, wherein said server is further configured to wait an amount of time based on the response time of the first status information request before sending a second status information request to said plurality of power generation units. 8. A method for monitoring a power system having a display and at least one solar panel, said method comprising: establishing a communication with the at least one solar panel; and, displaying a status of the at least one solar panel on the display, wherein the status includes at least one of a communication status, a network usage, and a communication latency of the at least one solar panel. 9. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 8, further comprising assigning a unique identifier to the at least one solar panel. 10. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said displaying a status of the at least one solar panel further comprises displaying a graphical representation of the at least one solar panel on the display. 11. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 10, wherein the graphical representation includes at least one coloring representing the status of the at least one solar panel. 12. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 11, wherein an intensity level of the at least one coloring representing the status of the at least one solar panel is changed based on the status of the at least one solar panel. 13. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said method further comprises transmitting a first status information request to the at least one solar panel. 14. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 13, wherein said method further comprises monitoring a response time of the first status information request from the at least one solar panel. 15. A method for monitoring a power system in accordance with claim 14, wherein said method further comprises waiting an amount of time based on the response time of the first status information request before sending a second status information request to the at least one solar panel. 16. A solar panel network for use in a power system having a server and a display, said solar panel network comprising: at least one solar panel; at least one controller communicatively coupled to said at least one solar panel; and, at least one communication device communicatively coupled to said at least one controller, said at least one communication device configured to transmit a status to the server, wherein the status includes at least one of a communication status, a network usage, and a communication latency of said at least one solar panel. 17. A solar panel network in accordance with claim 16, further comprising at least one network connector coupled to said at least one communication device, wherein said at least one communication device is further configured to transmit a status of said at least one solar panel to the server using said at least one network connector. 18. A solar panel network in accordance with claim 16, wherein said solar panel array further comprises at least one inverter communicatively coupled to said at least one solar panel and to said at least one controller. 19. A solar panel network in accordance with claim 18, wherein said at least one communication device is configured to transmit a status of said at least one inverter to the server. 