Claims We claim: 1. An inverter for feeding electric power into a utility grid or into a load, containing two inputs intended for applying a direct voltage, one first intermediate circuit connected thereto and comprising two series connected capacitors that are connected together at a ground terminal, two outputs intended for delivering an alternating voltage of which one at least is provided with a grid choke and one bridge section intended for converting the direct voltage into the alternating voltage, characterized in that it merely comprises two switches that are disposed in the bridge section and are to be switched at high frequency and that, between said first intermediate circuit and said bridge section there is interposed one second intermediate circuit that is devised at least for selectively boosting the direct voltage and is intended for supplying the bridge section with positive and negative voltage, said second intermediate circuit containing an internal freewheeling for maintaining the currents flowing through the grid choke in opposite directions. 2. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the bridge section is configured to be a half bridge, the two switches being connected in series, connected to first terminals parallel to the first intermediate circuit and at second terminals to one common connecting point, said connecting point being connected to the one output and the connecting point being connected to the other output between the two capacitors. 3. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the second intermediate circuit contains two freewheeling paths formed by diodes. 4. The inverter as set forth in claim 3, characterized in that the one of the two diodes is connected between the ground terminal and one first terminal of one of the two switches and the other one of the two diodes is connected between the ground terminal and a first terminal of the other one of the two switches and that the two diodes are conductive in opposite directions. 5. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the second intermediate circuit contains one first and one second series member comprising one diode and one storage choke connected in series therewith, said first series member leading from one input to the first terminal of one of the two switches and via one third capacitor to a connecting point between the storage choke and the diode of the second series member, whilst the second series member leads from the other input to the first terminal of the other one of the two switches and via one fourth capacitor to a connecting point between the storage choke and the diode of the first series member. 6. The inverter as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the two series members on the one side and the associated capacitors on the other side are built identically. 7. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that it is devised for connection to a three-phase grid and comprises three parallel second intermediate circuits, which are associated with a respective phase of the grid and connected to the first intermediate circuit, and bridge sections connected to said second intermediate circuits. 8. The inverter as set forth in claim 2 characterized in that the second intermediate circuit contains two freewheeling paths formed by diodes. 