Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for converting electrical power, the system comprising: two or more stages of electrical power wherein each stage is comprised of: a plurality of pulse amplitude modulated current converters ("converters"), wherein each of the converters receives direct electrical current from a respective direct electrical current source and provides pulse amplitude modulated current pulses at an output terminal of the converter and further wherein the output terminal of each converter is electrically connected in parallel with the output terminals of all of the other converters in the stage and further wherein the current pulses of at least two converters are out of phase with respect to each other, thereby summing the current pulses of all of the converters such that a signal modulated onto the pulse output of the converters is demodulated; wherein the two or more stages are electrically connected in series. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the current pulse of each converter is out of phase with respect to the current pulses of all other converters. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is a sixty-cycle alternating current voltage. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal is an approximately fixed value of direct current voltage. 5. A system for converting electrical power, the system comprising: three branches of electrical power wherein each branch is comprised of at least one stage of electrical power, each stage of electrical power comprising: a plurality of pulse amplitude modulated current converters ("converters"), wherein each of the converters receives direct electrical current from a respective direct electrical current source and provides pulse amplitude modulated current pulses at an output terminal of the converter and further wherein the output terminal of each converter is electrically connected in parallel with the output terminals of all of the other converters in the stage and further wherein the current pulses of at least two converters are out of phase with respect to each other, thereby summing the current pulses of all of the converters such that a signal modulated onto the pulse output of the converters is demodulated; wherein the three branches are connected in a "Y" configuration wherein each branch includes a terminal electrically connected to a common point with all other terminals. 6. The system according to claim 5, wherein the current pulse of each converter is out of phase with respect to the current pulses of all other converters. 7. The system according to claim 5 wherein the signal is a sixty-cycle alternating current voltage. 