Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for reconditioning solar cells, the system comprising: an array converter comprising: a first coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal is connected to a positive terminal of a photovoltaic panel; a second coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal of the second coil is connected to a negative terminal of the photovoltaic panel; a first switch connecting the output terminals of the first coil and the second coil; a first reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output terminal connected to the power source; a second switch connected between the output terminal of the first coil and the input terminal of the first reconstruction filter coil; a second reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output terminal connected to the power source; a third switch connected between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil, wherein the power source is connected across the output terminal of the first reconstruction coil and the output terminal of the second reconstruction coil; a fourth switch connected between the output terminal of the first coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil; a fifth switch connected between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the first reconstruction filter coil; and a controller operatively connected to control gates of each of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch. 2. The system for reconditioning solar cells of claim 1, wherein the external power source provides alternating current to the array converter, and the controller is configured to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the array converter operates as an inverter and a buck converter to apply a bias current to the photovoltaic panel. 3. The system for reconditioning solar cells of claim 2, wherein the power source is alternating current provided by an electrical grid. 4. The system for reconditioning solar cells of claim 2, wherein the controller is configured to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the bias current applied to the photovoltaic panel is forward biased with respect to the photovoltaic panel. 5. A method for providing bias current to a photovoltaic panel for reconditioning solar cells in the photovoltaic panel, the method comprising: connecting an array converter system to a power source for receiving power and to the photovoltaic panel, wherein the array converter is configured to provide a version of the power received from the power source to the photovoltaic panel; configuring the array converter system as a rectifier and connecting an output of the rectifier to a buck type power converter; controlling the buck type power converter to provide direct current to the photovoltaic panel as a bias current configured to recondition the solar cells in the photovoltaic panel. 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein the power source is alternating current provided by an electrical grid. 7. The method according to claim 5, wherein the power source is provided by other array converter systems operatively connected to the array converter. 8. The method according to claim 5, wherein the power source is direct current. 9. The method according to claim 5, wherein the bias current is forward biased with respect to the photovoltaic panel. 10. The method according to claim 5, wherein the bias current is reverse biased with respect to the photovoltaic panel. 11. The method according to claim 5, wherein the solar cells in the photovoltaic panel are cadmium-telluride (Cd--Te) solar cells. 12. The method of claim 5, further comprising configuring the array converter system to receive direct current from the photovoltaic panel and output alternating current when not providing a bias current to the photovoltaic panel. 13. The method according to claim 5, wherein the array converter system comprises: a first coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal is connected to a positive terminal of the photovoltaic panel; a second coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal of the second coil is connected to a negative terminal of the photovoltaic panel; a first switch connecting the output terminals of the first coil and the second coil; a first reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output terminal connected to the power source; a second reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output termal connected to the power source; a third switch connected between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil, wherein the power source is connected across the output terminal of the first reconstruction coil and the output terminal of the second reconstruction coil; a fourth switch connected between the output terminal of the first coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil; a fifth switch between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the first reconstruction filter coil; and a controller operatively connected to control gates of each of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein configuring the array converter system as a rectifier and connecting an output of the rectifier to a buck type power converter comprises configuring the controller to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the array converter system operates as an inverter and a buck converter. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the controller comprises memory and is configured with algorithms, the method further comprising determining when the photovoltaic panel should be reconditioned based upon one or more of time, measured parameters, and commands from an external source. 16. A power generation system, comprising: a photovoltaic panel; and an array converter electrically coupled to the photovoltaic panel and to an external power source, the array converter comprising: a first coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal is connected to a positive terminal of the photovoltaic panel; a second coil, including an input terminal and an output terminal, wherein the input terminal of the second coil is connected to a negative terminal of the photovoltaic panel; a first switch connecting the output terminals of the first coil and the second coil; a first reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output terminal connected to the power source; a second reconstruction filter coil having an input terminal and an output terminal, the output termal connected to the power source; a third switch connected between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil, wherein the power source is connected across the output terminal of the first reconstruction coil and the output terminal of the second reconstruction coil; a fourth switch connected between the output terminal of the first coil and the input terminal of the second reconstruction filter coil; a fifth switch between the output terminal of the second coil and the input terminal of the first reconstruction filter coil; and a controller operatively connected to control gates of each of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch, wherein the controller is configured to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the array converter operates as an inverter and a buck converter to apply a bias current to the photovoltaic panel. 17. The power generation system of claim 16, wherein the photovoltaic panel comprises a plurality of cadmium-telluride (Cd--Te) solar cells. 18. The power generation system of claim 16, wherein the controller comprises: memory; and a processor coupled to the memory, wherein the processor is configured with algorithms to perform operations comprising determining when the photovoltaic panel should be reconditioned based upon one or more of time, measured parameters, and commands from an external source. 19. The power generation system of claim 16, wherein the controller is configured to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the array converter receives direct current from the photovoltaic panel and outputs alternating current when the array converter is not providing a bias current to the photovoltaic panel. 20. The power generation system of claim 16, wherein the controller is configured to send signals to the control gates of the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, the fourth switch, and the fifth switch in such a manner that the array converter receives direct current from the photovoltaic panel and outputs direct current when the array converter is not providing a bias current to the photovoltaic panel. 