Claims I claim: 1. An inverter, including an inverter housing, comprising: inverter circuitry configured to convert a direct current voltage to an alternative current voltage at a grid frequency, the inverter circuitry located inside the inverter housing, and comprising three terminals extending to an external surface of the housing corresponding to a positive direct current voltage terminal, a ground terminal, and a negative direct current terminal of the inverter circuitry, respectively; and a safety fuse external to the inverter housing, configured to selectively connect one of the positive or negative direct current voltage terminals of the inverter circuitry to the ground terminal, wherein the safety fuse is configured within a plug connector part comprising at least two plug connector terminals configured to engage at least two of the three terminals on the external surface of the housing, wherein in a first orientation, the safety fuse connects the positive direct current voltage terminal of the inverter circuitry to the ground terminal, and wherein in a second, different orientation the safety fuse connects the negative direct current voltage terminal of the inverter circuitry to the ground terminal, wherein the plug connector part further comprises one of a mechanical plug coding or an electrical plug coding operable to provide an indication of the first or second orientation. 2. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the plug connector part of the safety fuse comprises a cup-like housing comprising three plug connectors. 3. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the inverter circuitry further comprises a monitoring circuit configured to measure or otherwise detect a current measurement through the safety fuse. 4. The inverter of claim 3, wherein the monitoring circuit further comprises two shunts, wherein a first shunt of the two shunts lies on a positive current path of the inverter circuitry and a second shunt of the two shunts lies on a negative current path of the inverter circuitry. 5. The inverter of claim 3, wherein the monitoring circuit further comprises two switches configured to establish different measurement conditions for determining an isolation resistance, wherein a first switch of the two switches lies between the positive direct current voltage terminal and the ground terminal, and a second switch of the two switches lies between the negative direct current voltage terminal and the ground terminal. 6. The inverter of claim 1, further comprising a monitoring unit configured to monitor a fault current flowing through the safety fuse. 7. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the inverter circuitry further comprises a transformer configured to provide for galvanic separation. 8. The inverter of claim 3, wherein the monitoring circuit further comprises a selectively activatable alternating current voltage source coupled via a transformer to a current detection circuit operable to detect a current in the monitoring circuit in a condition when the safety fuse is coupled to the inverter circuitry and has not blown, thereby enabling a determination of a condition of the safety fuse without the inverter being coupled to the grid. 9. A safety fuse device in combination with an inverter circuit, comprising: a plug connector part comprising at least two plug terminals; a safety fuse housed within the plug connector part, and coupled between two of the at least two plug terminals, wherein the safety fuse is operable to provide a short circuit between the two of the at least two plug terminals in a first state, and provide an open circuit between the two of the at least two plug terminals in a second state, wherein the safety fuse is configured to interface with three plug terminals of the inverter circuit in two different orientations, wherein in a first orientation the safety fuse device couples together a positive direct current voltage terminal and a ground terminal of the inverter circuit, and in a second, different orientation couples together a negative direct current voltage terminal and the ground terminal of the inverter circuit, and wherein the plug connector part further comprises one of a mechanical plug coding or an electrical plug coding operable to provide an indication of the first or second orientation. 