Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module assembly comprising: a photovoltaic module including: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate; a frame assembled to the photovoltaic laminate, the frame including a first arm; and a ballast tray for containing ballast wherein, upon installation of the photovoltaic module assembly, the ballast tray is removably associated with the photovoltaic module; wherein the photovoltaic module assembly is configured to provide a ballasting state in which at least a portion of the tray is vertically under the photovoltaic laminate and at least a portion of the tray is vertically over the first arm to impede overt displacement of the photovoltaic module; and wherein the ballasting state includes the tray being unaffixed to the frame. 2. A photovoltaic module assembly comprising: a photovoltaic module including: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate; a frame assembled to the photovoltaic laminate, the frame including a first arm; and a ballast tray for containing ballast wherein, upon installation of the photovoltaic module assembly, the ballast tray is removably associated with the photovoltaic module; wherein the photovoltaic module assembly is configured to provide a ballasting state in which at least a portion of the tray is vertically under the photovoltaic laminate and at least a portion of the tray is vertically over the first arm to impede overt displacement of the photovoltaic module; and wherein the assembly is configured such that the tray is manually removable from the ballasting state without tools. 3. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the assembly is configured such that when the frame is placed on a flat surface, the ballasting state includes the tray resting on the flat surface. 4. The assembly of claim 3, wherein the frame is configured to orient a major plane of the photovoltaic laminate at non-parallel angle relative to the flat surface. 5. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the first arm forms an alignment tab for guiding the tray to the ballasting state. 6. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the tray includes a floor, at least one side wall extending from the floor, and a lip projecting from the side wall opposite the floor and forming a channel sized to receive the alignment tab in the ballasting state. 7. The assembly of claim 6, wherein the channel is defined by closed end face, and the alignment tab terminates at a free end, and further wherein the ballasting state includes a spacing being formed between the end face and the free end. 8. The assembly of claim 7, wherein the first arm includes a lower face adapted for placement against a flat surface with the free end positioned opposite the lower face, and further wherein the floor defines an outer face for placement against the flat surface, and even further wherein a vertical distance between the lower face and the free end is less than a vertical distance between the outer face of the floor and the closed end of the channel. 9. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the photovoltaic laminate defines a perimeter and the frame includes framework encompassing the perimeter, and further wherein the first arm projects from the framework to define an open region, the ballasting state including a portion of the tray disposed within the open region. 10. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the framework includes a leading frame member, a trailing frame member, and opposing, first and side frame members, and further wherein the first arm includes a shoulder extending from the first side frame member and a foot extending from the shoulder to an end positioned longitudinally beyond the trailing frame member in a direction opposite the leading frame member, even further wherein the ballasting state includes a portion of the tray positioned over the foot. 11. The assembly of claim 10, wherein the frame further includes a second arm having a shoulder extending from the second side frame member and a foot extending to an end and positioned longitudinally beyond the trailing frame member in a direction opposite the leading frame member in a direction opposite the leading frame member, and further wherein the ballasting state includes the tray located between the arms and a portion of the tray being positioned over the foot of the second arm. 12. The assembly of claim 11, wherein each of the first and second arms forms an alignment tab for guiding the tray to the ballasting state. 13. The assembly of claim 10, wherein the first arm forms a mounting region adapted for mounting to a second photovoltaic module, and further wherein the ballasting state includes an entirety of the tray being spaced from the mounting region. 14. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the tray includes a floor and a plurality of side walls extending from the floor to define a containment region, and further wherein an opening is formed in at least one of the side walls for draining liquid from the containment region. 15. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the tray includes a floor defining an inner face and an outer face, and a plurality of side walls extending from the floor to define a containment region relative to the inner face, and further wherein the outer face forms at least one slot for permitting passage of liquid along the outer face. 16. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the tray is formed of plastic. 17. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the frame is formed of plastic. 18. The assembly of claim 2, further comprising: a wind deflector provided apart from the tray and connectable to the frame. 19. A photovoltaic module assembly for non-penetrating installation to a substantially flat surface, the assembly comprising: a photovoltaic module including: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate defining a perimeter; a frame including framework encompassing the perimeter and an arm projecting from the framework, the arm defining a lower face for placement on a flat surface in supporting the photovoltaic laminate at a non-parallel angle relative to the substantially flat surface, and an engagement surface opposite the lower surface; and a ballast tray for containing ballast, the tray including a floor for placement on the substantially flat surface and a stop surface opposite the floor, wherein, upon installation of the photovoltaic module assembly, the ballast tray is removably associated with the photovoltaic module; wherein non-penetrating installation of the assembly to the flat surface includes the stop surface of the tray located vertically over the engagement surface of the arm such that the arm impedes displacement of the arm upwardly from the substantially flat surface; and wherein the assembly is characterized by the absence of a coupling component affixing the tray to the frame. 20. The assembly of claim 19, wherein the frame and the tray are entirely formed of plastic. 21. A method of installing a photovoltaic module array to a rooftop, the method comprising: providing a first photovoltaic module including a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate and a frame assembled to the photovoltaic laminate and including an arm; placing the first photovoltaic module on the rooftop, including the photovoltaic laminate arranged in a non-parallel angle relative to the rooftop; providing a ballast tray containing ballast; positioning at least a portion of the ballast tray under the photovoltaic laminate and over the arm; and resting the tray on the rooftop; wherein upon final installation, the ballast tray impedes movement of the arm upwardly from the rooftop and is removably associated with the photovoltaic module; and wherein the method is characterized by the absence of manipulating a coupling device to directly mount the tray to the frame. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein positioning the tray includes sliding the tray over the arm. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein the tray defines a stop surface and the arm defines an engagement surface, and further wherein positioning the tray includes arranging the stop surface of the tray to abut the engagement surface of the arm upon upward movement of the arm relative to the flat surface. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein arranging the surfaces includes establishing a spacing between the stop surface and the engagement surface in the absence of upward movement of the arm relative to the flat surface. 25. The method of claim 21, further comprising: mounting a second photovoltaic module to the arm of the first photovoltaic module following the step of resting the tray on the rooftop. 