Claims We claim: 1. An inverter for converting an electric direct voltage, more specifically of a photovoltaic direct voltage source, into an alternating voltage with a direct voltage input with two terminals between which there is provided a bridge circuit arranged in parallel, grid chokes being provided at the alternating voltage outputs of said bridge circuit, and with an alternating voltage output with two terminals, characterized in that there is provided a first bridge branch with at least four series connected first through fourth switching elements and a second bridge branch with at least one fifth and one sixth switching element and that, between the alternating voltage terminal, which takes departure from said second bridge branch, and the connecting point corresponding to the fifth and sixth switching element provided in the second bridge branch and the respective connecting points between the first and the second or the third and the fourth switching element of the first bridge branch there is respectively connected one diode in the direction opposite the forward direction so that a respective one of the central second or third switches of the first bridge branch and a respective one of the diodes carries a freewheeling current in a condition decoupled from the direct voltage. 2. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that all the first through sixth switching elements and diodes are integrated in a semiconductor module. 3. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation as a transformerless inverter. 4. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized by a multiple phase implementation. 5. A method of converting an electric direct voltage into an alternating voltage with an inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that both triggering signals at mains frequency and such with a high clock frequency are available for the first through sixth switching elements of the bridge circuit, the second switching element being clocked at mains frequency and the first and sixth switching element being clocked at a high clock rate during a half wave of the grid voltage, the third switching element being clocked at mains frequency and the fourth and fifth switching elements at a high clock rate during the other half wave of the grid voltage and the first, fourth, fifth and sixth switching elements being triggered so asymmetrically that the first or the fourth switching element of the first bridge branch is respectively triggered, whilst the fifth or the sixth switching element of the second bridge branch is clocked at the same clock rate and that, during at least one freewheeling phase, a freewheeling current flows through the second switching element and the diode at the one half wave of the grid voltage or that a freewheeling current flows through the third switching element and the diode at the other half wave of the grid voltage so that the alternating voltage circuit decouples from the direct voltage circuit during freewheeling. 6. The method of converting an electric direct voltage into an alternating voltage with an inverter as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the second and third switching elements of the first bridge branch are connected at mains frequency, in particular at 50 Hz or 60 Hz, whilst the two other first and fourth switching elements of the first bridge branch as well as the fifth and sixth switching element of the second bridge branch are clocked at high frequency, in particular in the kHz range. 7. The method of converting an electric direct voltage into an alternating voltage with an inverter as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the first switching element of the first bridge branch and the sixth switching element of the second bridge branch are clocked in synchronism during the one half wave of the grid voltage and that the switching element of the first bridge branch and the switching element of the second bridge branch are clocked in synchronism during the other half wave of the grid voltage. 8. The method as set forth in claim 7, characterized in that the additional switching elements located in the first bridge branch are clocked at high frequency in synchronism with the two other fifth and sixth switching elements of the second bridge branch. 9. The method as set forth in claim 7, characterized in that part of the switching elements, in particular the first, second, fourth and fifth switching elements, which are clocked at high frequency, are triggered with pulse-width modulation. 10. A method for converting an electric photovoltaic direct voltage into an alternating voltage with an inverter as set forth in claim 1. 11. A method for converting an electric photovoltaic direct voltage into an alternating voltage with a method as set forth in claim 5. 