Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules, each of the solar modules having frames that includes a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together; and a plurality of splices that insert into the frames of the solar modules for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein the plurality of splices provides rigidity, wherein each of the plurality of splices provides a grounding path and a stop for the modules, each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the coupling mechanism comprises one or more raised features on the body. 3. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the secure mechanism comprises one or more screws. 4. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure. 5. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 6. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 7. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the splices includes a first raised feature providing a stop for the splice and a second raised feature for providing a grounding path for one or more of the splices. 8. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the body is tapered. 9. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein mounting brackets are pre-installed on each of the modules and used to securely stack modules and other installation components for shipment. 10. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules, each of the solar modules having a frame with plurality of connector sockets located in the frame such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented, having a shape that fits a cable and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together; wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure; and a plurality of splices for inserting into the fame and coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein the plurality of splices provides rigidity, wherein each of the plurality of splices includes; a first raised feature for providing a stop on one of the plurality of splices and second raised feature for providing a grounding path for one or more of the solar modules, each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules, wherein the body is tapered. 11. The solar panel of claim 10 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 12. The solar panel of claim 10 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 13. A solar panel comprising; a plurality of solar modules, each of the solar modules having a frame with a plurality of connector sockets located in the frame such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented by the shape of the connector socket, each connector socket having a shape that fits a cable and wherein each of the connector sockets are placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is-aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together; wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure; wherein a continuous groove is provided when the plurality of solar modules are coupled together; and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein each of the solar module includes a plurality of apertures, at least one of the plurality of apertures capable of receiving one of the plurality of splices, wherein the solar module is rigidly coupled to another module when a splice is coupled therebetween wherein each of the plurality of splices provides a grounding path and a stop for the modules, each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules; wherein the coupling mechanism comprises one or more raised features on the body. 14. The solar panel of claim 13 wherein the secure mechanism is selected from a group consisting of one or more screws and an expandable section on the splice. 