Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring terminal device comprising: a sensor unit comprising a sensor and a data processing section to perform a data processing on an output from said sensor to produce an output data; a wireless transmitting unit to transmit, by wireless said output data produced by said data processing section; a control unit to control said data processing section and said wireless transmitting unit; and a power source managing unit to start power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control unit in response to state change of said output from said sensor, and to stop the power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control unit when a specified period of time has passed after the starting, wherein said specified period of time is long enough for said wireless transmitting unit to transmit information. 2. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein power consumption of said sensor is zero in standby state. 3. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 2, wherein said sensor comprises a lead switch or a mercury switch. 4. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 3, wherein said power source managing unit starts the power supply in response to a change in an output from said lead switch or said mercury switch. 5. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, further comprising: a power source including at least one of a solar cell a secondary cell, and a capacitor. 6. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 5, wherein said solar cell comprises an amorphous solar cell. 7. A monitoring terminal device comprising: a sensor unit comprising a sensor and a data processing section to perform data processing on an output from said sensor to produce an output data; a wireless transmitting unit to transmit, by wireless, said output data produced by said data processing section; a control unit to control said data processing section and said wireless transmitting unit; a timer to generate a starting signal in a fixed cycle; a power source managing unit to start power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control unit in response to any one of said output from said sensor and said starting signal from said timer, and to stop the power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control unit after a specified period of time after the starting has passed; and a fault diagnosis signal transmitting unit to transmit a signal for fault diagnosis in response to said starting signal from said timer. 8. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, wherein said power source managing unit starts power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control unit in response to a state change of said output from said sensor. 9. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, wherein said specified period of time is long enough for said wireless transmitting unit to transmit information. 10. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, wherein power consumption of said sensor is zero in standby state. 11. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 10, wherein said sensor comprises a lead switch or a mercury switch. 12. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 11, wherein said power source managing unit starts the power supply in response to a change in an output from said lead switch or said mercury switch. 13. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, further comprising: a power source including at least one of a solar cell, a secondary cell, and a capacitor. 14. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 13, wherein said solar cell comprises an amorphous solar cell. 15. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, wherein a ratio of an operating time to an operating cycle of said wireless transmitting unit is set at 1/1,000 to 1/1,000,000. 16. A monitoring terminal device comprising: a sensor unit comprising a sensor and a data processing section to perform data processing on an output from said sensor to produce an output data; a wireless transmitting unit to transmit, by wireless said output data produced by said data processing section; a control unit to control said data processing section and said wireless transmitting unit; and a power source managing unit to start power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting unit and said control a unit in a response to state change of said output from said sensor, and to stop the power supply for said data processing section, said wireless transmitting, unit and said control unit after receiving a communication complete signal from said wireless transmitting unit. 