Claims I claim: 1. A solar array comprising a structure configured to resemble a palm tree comprising at least one trunk portion and at least one layer comprising a plurality in the range between 5 and 10 solar modules, said solar modules being equally spaced about the circumference of said at least one trunk portion in a non-overlapping configuration, each solar module being configured to resemble a palm frond including a stem portion and a blade portion, said stem portion extending from said at least one trunk portion, said blade portion having a top side, a bottom side and an edge, said blade portion including at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing sunlight and for providing an electrical energy output, wiring coupled to said plurality of solar modules for conducting said electrical energy output, and at least one mechanical fastener for securing said solar array in an upright position, said at least one trunk portion comprising a plurality of receptacles for receiving and coupling with the stem portions of said solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds, and said receptacles providing points of access to said wiring. 2. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said blade portion includes a plurality of notches. 3. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said stem portion is integral to said solar module. 4. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said blade portion comprises a textured surface. 5. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array provides an electrical energy output and further comprising means for storing energy connected to said wiring. 6. The solar array according to claim 5, wherein said means for storing energy comprises a battery. 7. The solar array according to claim 5, wherein said means for storing energy comprises a capacitor. 8. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising at least one electronic component selected from the group of electronic components consisting of a diode, a capacitor, a sensor, a controller, a chip, and a transistor. 9. The solar array of claim 1, said working surface area of said solar module having a periphery comprising a shape resembling said blade portion, said periphery being separate from said edge of said blade portion. 10. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said working surface area of said at least one solar cell has a green coloration. 11. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar module has a green coloration. 12. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises a coupling structure for joining said trunk portion to at least one other trunk portion. 13. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said blade portion comprises at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing sunlight on said top side and also at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing reflected sunlight on said bottom side. 14. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises at least one top trunk portion including said plurality of solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds. 15. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises an interior compartment. 16. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array comprises a support pole. 17. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises an interior compartment for containing at least one electrical device including a visual display and said at least one trunk portion further includes an access door having a transparent portion for viewing said visual display. 18. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises a plurality of top trunk portions, each top trunk portion having a plurality of layers including a plurality of said solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds, the position of said solar modules on a first layer of said layers being staggered relative to the position of the solar modules on at least one adjacent layer of said layers in order to avoid shading. 19. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array provides an electrical current output and further comprising an inverter for changing DC current to AC current. 20. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array provides an electrical energy output and further comprising means for recharging means for storing electrical energy of electric appliances coupled to said output. 21. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the solar array provides an electrical current output and comprises means for recharging means for storing electrical energy of a transportation vehicle. 22. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising means for transmitting electric power. 23. The solar array of claim 1, in combination with at least one additional said solar array to form a network of solar arrays. 24. The combination according to claim 23, wherein said network of solar arrays extends substantially alongside at least one road. 25. The combination according to claim 23, wherein said network of solar arrays comprises a portion of the landscape architecture about a building. 26. The combination of claim 23, wherein said network of solar arrays comprises at least a portion of an electric power grid. 27. The combination according to claim 26, further including means for storing electrical power coupled to the network of solar arrays. 28. The combination according to claim 27, wherein said means for storing electric power comprises a battery. 29. The combination according to claim 26, further including a transformer coupled to the network of solar arrays for changing voltage of electrical power provided to said power grid. 30. The combination according to claim 26, further including an inverter coupled to the network of solar arrays for changing DC current to AC current. 31. The combination according to claim 26, further including a converter coupled to the network of solar arrays for changing AC current to DC current. 32. The combination according to claim 26, further including means for transmitting electric power. 33. The combination according to claim 26, said network of solar arrays being coupled to at least one recharging station for providing energy to an electric power storage devices of transportation vehicles. 34. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said working surface area of said solar module further comprises a middle portion and a peripheral portion, each said middle portion and said peripheral portion including at least one different solar cell. 35. The solar array according to claim 1, said at least one trunk portion comprising a bottom trunk portion, at least one middle trunk portion, and at least one top trunk portion. 36. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said blade portion comprises artificial veins resembling those found on natural palm fronds. 37. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar module comprises a coloration selected from the group of colors consisting of green, yellow and brown. 38. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the coloration of said solar array is varied in different locations so as to create a natural appearance. 39. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array comprises a top trunk portion configured to conceal a transformer. 40. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said at least one trunk portion comprises a cap portion. 41. A solar array comprising a structure configured to resemble a palm tree comprising at least one trunk portion and a plurality of solar modules, each solar module being configured to resemble a palm frond including a stem portion and a blade portion, said stem portion extending from said at least one trunk portion, said blade portion having a top side, a bottom side and an edge, said blade portion including at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing sunlight and for providing an electrical energy output, wiring coupled to said plurality of solar modules for conducting said electrical energy output, at least one mechanical fastener for securing said solar array in an upright position, said solar array operatively coupled to means for electronic control, said means for electronic control including a controller configured to monitor the activity of individual solar cells, or groups of solar cells which are present in a solar module, as well as the activity between different solar modules, and then appropriately turn off, isolate, or otherwise control the current either flowing from or being drawn towards a given individual solar cell or solar module in order to optimize the operational efficiency of said solar array, said at least one trunk portion comprising a plurality of receptacles for receiving and coupling with the stem portions of said solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds, and said receptacles providing points of access to said wiring. 42. The solar array according to claim 41, wherein said controller is integral to said solar array. 43. The solar array according to claim 42, wherein said controller comprises at least one electronic component selected from the group of electronic components consisting of a transistor, a diode, a chip and a sensor. 44. A method of making a custom solar array resembling a palm tree comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of trunk portions having different configurations and lengths; selecting at least one of said trunk portions for use, said at least one of said trunk portions comprising a plurality of receptacles that provide points of access to wiring; providing a plurality of solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds, each solar module including a stem portion and a blade portion, said blade portion having a top side, a bottom side, and an edge, said blade portion including at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing sunlight and for providing an electrical energy output; selecting at least five of said plurality of solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds for use; connecting said selected at least five solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds to said at least one selected trunk portions such that said stem portions extend from said at least one selected trunk portion, said selected at least five solar modules comprising a layer and being equally spaced about the circumference of said at least one selected trunk portion in a non overlapping configuration; receiving and coupling said stem portions of said solar modules configured to resemble palm fronds within said plurality of receptacles such that said electrical energy output is conducted by said wiring; and, installing said solar array. 