Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer implemented method comprising: receiving information from a plurality of solar power stations across a network in at least one server, the information comprising operational data for each solar power station, wherein information from each solar power station is identified by a particular power station identification (ID), each solar power station comprising: one or more solar panels; an electrical panel coupled to a utility grid and to electrical loads, wherein electrical power flows from the utility grid and to the utility grid through the electrical panel; an inverter coupled between the one or more solar panels and the electrical panel, the inverter configured to convert direct current (DC) voltage into alternating current (AC) voltage; and a device for monitoring and controlling the solar power station, storing the information in a database; grouping the information into at least a first data group corresponding to a first plurality of solar power stations and a second data group corresponding to a second plurality of solar power stations; processing the first data group using a first model associated with the first plurality of solar power stations and processing the second data group using a second model associated with the second plurality of solar power stations; and controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations based on the processing of the first data group and controlling the operation of the second plurality of solar power stations based on the processing of the second data group, wherein controlling comprises: sending first software or a first parameter to a first device in the first plurality of solar power stations to control operation of a first inverter, and sending second software or a second parameter to a second device in the second plurality of solar power stations to control operation of a second inverter. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations comprises coupling electrical power from the utility grid to the electrical loads or coupling electrical power from the one or more solar panels to the utility grid. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations comprises load balancing between the first plurality of solar power stations. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar power stations are a group located in the same geographic proximity. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar power stations are an employee group of the same employer. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the information comprises solar panel output measurements for each solar power station, and wherein each solar power station has a nominal range for the solar power output measurement, and wherein excursion of a first solar panel output measurement for a first solar power station outside a first nominal range signals a problem with the first solar power station. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the information comprises solar panel output measurements for each solar power station, the method further comprising comparing a first solar panel output measurement for a first solar power station to a second measurement to detect a problem with the first solar power station. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the second measurement is local weather, a past measurement, an average, or a solar panel output measurement of another nearby solar power station. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the information is separated by client using a plurality of client identifications, and wherein operational data for a particular solar power station is presented to a corresponding client on a webpage. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the operational data comprises voltage, current, or power from the solar panels. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the operational data comprises outside temperature at a location of a solar panel, operating temperature of an inverter, a user electrical load, a utility meter reading, or a condition of a utility grid at a particular solar power station. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein: the first model comprises equipment configurations or topologies for the first plurality of solar power stations, and the second model comprises equipment configurations or topologies for the second plurality of solar power stations. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the first model comprises a first plurality of models and the second model comprises a second plurality of models. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the first model and the second model comprise a maintenance business model, wherein sending comprises: sending the first software or the first parameter to the first device in the first plurality of solar power stations for maintenance of the first plurality of solar power stations, and sending the second software or the second parameter to the second device in the second plurality of solar power stations for maintenance of the second plurality of solar power stations. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein sending comprises: sending the first software or the first parameter to control the conversion of DC voltage to AC voltage for the first inverter; and sending the second software or the second parameter to control the conversion of DC voltage to AC voltage for the second inverter. 16. A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium containing instructions for controlling a computer system to be operable to: receive information from a plurality of solar power stations across a network in at least one server, the information comprising operational data for each solar power station, wherein information from each solar power station is identified by a particular power station identification (ID), each solar power station comprising: one or more solar panels; an electrical panel coupled to a utility grid and to electrical loads, wherein electrical power flows from the utility grid and to the utility grid through the electrical panel; an inverter coupled between the one or more solar panels and the electrical panel, the inverter configured to convert direct current (DC) voltage into alternating current (AC) voltage; and a device for monitoring and controlling the solar power station, store the information in a database; group the information into at least a first data group corresponding to a first plurality of solar power stations and a second data group corresponding to a second plurality of solar power stations; process the first data group using a first model associated with the first plurality of solar power stations and processing the second data group using a second model associated with the second plurality of solar power stations; and control the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations based on the processing of the first data group and controlling the operation of the second plurality of solar power stations based on the processing of the second data group, wherein controlling comprises: send first software or a first parameter to a first device in the first plurality of solar power stations to control operation of a first inverter, and send second software or a second parameter to a second device in the second plurality of solar power stations to control operation of a second inverter. 17. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 16, wherein the first model and the second model comprise a maintenance business model, wherein controlling the computer system to be operable to send comprises controlling the computer system to be operable to: send the first software or the first parameter to the first plurality of solar power stations for maintenance of the first plurality of solar power stations, and send the second software or the second parameter to the second plurality of solar power stations for maintenance of the second plurality of solar power stations. 18. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 16, wherein controlling the computer system to be operable to send comprises controlling the computer system to be operable to: send the first software or the first parameter to control the conversion of DC voltage to AC voltage for the first inverter; and send the second software or the second parameter to control the conversion of DC voltage to AC voltage for the second inverter. 