Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package, and wherein the photovoltaic package comprises a low-profile laminate or non-laminate package. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the low-profile package is less than 11 mm thick. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the low-profile package is less than 5 mm thick. 4. A photovoltaic device, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package, and wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell is a thin-film photovoltaic cell. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a transformerless buck converter and a transformerless boost converter or a transformerless buck-boost converter. 6. The device of claim 5, further comprising a pass-through comprising a low resistance path from the at least one photovoltaic cell to an output of the DC/DC converter. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the pass-through comprises a first pass-through integrated into the transformerless buck converter and a second pass-through integrated into the transformerless boost converter. 8. The device of claim 7, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to the DC/DC converter and to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell. 9. The device of claim 7, further comprising a pass-through controller electrically coupled to the transformerless buck converter and the transformerless boost converter, wherein the pass-through controller comprises a maximum power point tracker electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. 10. The device of claim 7, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least four transistors. 11. The device of claim 6, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least two transistors and at least two diodes. 12. The device of claim 10, wherein the DC/DC converter further comprises an inductor integrated onto a printed circuit board or at least one layer of the package. 13. The device of claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic package comprises a low-profile laminate or non-laminate package. 14. The device of claim 13, wherein the low-profile package is less than 11 mm thick. 15. The device of claim 14, wherein the low-profile package is less than 5 mm thick. 16. The device of claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a transformerless buck converter and a transformerless boost converter or a transformerless buck-boost converter. 17. The device of claim 16, further comprising a pass-through comprising a low resistance path from the at least one photovoltaic cell to an output of the DC/DC converter. 18. The device of claim 17, wherein the pass-through comprises a first pass-through integrated into the transformerless buck converter and a second pass-through integrated into the transformerless boost converter. 19. The device of claim 17, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to the DC/DC converter and to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell. 20. The device of claim 18, further comprising a pass-through controller coupled to the transformerless buck converter and the transformerless boost converter, wherein the pass-through controller comprises a maximum power point tracker electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. 21. The device of claim 18, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least four transistors. 22. The device of claim 17, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least two transistors and at least two diodes. 23. The device of claim 21, wherein the DC/DC converter further comprises an inductor integrated onto a printed circuit board or at least one layer of the package. 24. The device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic package comprises the laminate package. 25. The device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic package comprises the non-laminate package. 