Claims What is claimed is: 1. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side configured to be mounted to a first side of a photovoltaic module, the housing including a first opening that extends through the housing and is encircled by the housing; a contact held by the housing and configured to be electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module; and a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module, the support plate including a post extending through a second opening in the photovoltaic module that extends therethrough and through the first opening in the housing, wherein the post is received in the first opening of the housing and secures the housing to the photovoltaic module. 2. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a flange that outwardly extends from the housing, the flange comprising the first opening through which the post extends. 3. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the post comprises an outer end having an outer diameter dimension that is greater than an inside diameter dimension of the first opening. 4. The connector assembly of claim 1, further comprising an elastomeric gasket disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the first side of the photovoltaic module, the gasket having an outer edge that is approximately coextensive with an outer edge of the mounting side of the housing. 5. The connector assembly of claim 4, wherein the housing comprises a contact window extending through the housing between the mounting side and the opposite side with the contact protruding from the housing into the contact window, further wherein the gasket includes a third opening aligned with the contact window. 6. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the contact extends between opposite sides and includes a connection opening extending through the contact from one of the opposite sides to the other of the opposite sides. 7. The connector assembly of claim 6, wherein the contact in the housing receives a conductive body of the photovoltaic module. 8. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the first opening in the housing is encircled by the housing such lateral movement of the support plate relative to the housing is prevented. 9. The connector assembly of claim 4, wherein the gasket includes a third opening aligned with the first and second openings such that the post extends through the second opening in the photovoltaic module, the third opening in the gasket, and the first opening in the housing. 10. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side configured to be mounted to a first side of a photovoltaic module, the housing including a contact window that frames an opening extending through the housing from the mounting side to the opposite side; a cable coupled with the housing, the cable including a conductor capable of transferring at least one of electric current or electric potential generated by the photovoltaic module; a contact joined with the housing and protruding into the contact window, the contact electrically coupled with the conductor of the cable and having opposite sides with a connection opening extending therethrough, wherein the contact is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module when a conductive body of the photovoltaic module is loaded into the connection opening of the contact; and a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module, the support plate or the housing includes a post and the other of the support plate or the housing includes a first opening, the post extending through a second opening in the photovoltaic module and received in the first opening, wherein the support plate and the housing are prevented from laterally moving relative to each other by the post received in the first opening. 11. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the contact is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module when a conductive solder is loaded into the connection opening of the contact. 12. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the post comprises an outer end having an outer diameter dimension that is greater than an inside diameter dimension of the first opening in the housing or the support plate. 13. The connector assembly of claim 10, further comprising an elastomeric gasket disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the photovoltaic module, the gasket preventing ingress of moisture into an interface between the housing and the photovoltaic module. 14. The connector assembly of claim 10, further comprising a gasket adapted to be disposed between the housing and the photovoltaic module, the gasket having an outer edge that is approximately coextensive with an outer edge of the mounting side of the housing and a third opening through which the post extends. 15. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side surrounded by an outer edge and configured to be mounted to a first side of a photovoltaic module; a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module, the housing or the support plate including a post and the other of the housing or the support plate including a first opening that is encircled by the housing or the support plate, the post preventing lateral movement of the support plate relative to the housing when the post extends through a second opening in the photovoltaic module and is received in the first opening of the housing or the support plate; a contact joined with the housing and configured to be electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module; an elastomeric gasket having a body with an outer edge disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the photovoltaic module, the outer edge of the gasket being approximately coextensive with the outer edge of the mounting side of the housing, wherein the gasket includes a third opening that is axially aligned with the first and second openings such that the post extends through the first, second, and third openings. 16. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the housing includes a contact window that frames a fourth opening extending through the housing and the gasket includes a fifth opening extending therethrough that is aligned with the contact window. 17. The connector assembly of claim 16, wherein the contact extends from the housing into the contact window and is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module through the fifth opening in the gasket. 18. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the gasket prevents ingress of moisture between an interface between the housing and the photovoltaic module. 19. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the contact includes a planar conductive body having opposite sides with a connection opening extending therethrough. 20. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the first opening is encircled by the housing or the support plate. 