Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam fictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting fixture comprising a protruding shaft and worm gear, said protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having a notch configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges upon rotation of said worm gear for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic solar panels are substantially rectangular wherein a plurality of said first mounting fixtures are affixed to a first edge thereof and a plurality of said second mounting fixtures are affixed to a second edge thereof. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said second mounting fixture further comprises a securing bracket for rotatably securing a threaded shaft, said threaded shaft being threadably engaged to said protruding shaft. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said threaded shaft further comprises an extremity having an interface for receiving a tool for rotating said threaded shaft and for moving said protruding shaft within said second strut rail. 5. The system of claim 1 further comprising a grounding strip sized to fit within said notch. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said strut rails are further defined as comprising a series of apertures along their lengths. 7. The system of claim 6 further comprising a plurality of first and second strut rails positioned end to end when installed upon said roof. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein a gap is provided between said plurality of adjacent first and second strut rails. 9. The system of claim 8 further comprising an electrically conductive bridge spanning said gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising a series of standoffs for mounting said strut rails onto and spaced from said roof, each of said standoffs comprising a first end for penetrating said roof and a second end for releaseably capturing a strut rail. 11. A method for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof comprising fixedly attaching a plurality of standoffs, said standoffs comprising first ends for penetrating said roof and second ends for releasably capturing a strut rail, appending first and second strut rails to said standoffs, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, providing a plurality of first and second mounting fixtures each comprising a mounting block attached to said photovoltaic solar panels, applying said fixtures to said solar panels for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to said first and second strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail, said second mounting fixture comprising a substantially cylindrically shaped member and worm gear, said substantially cylindrically shaped member being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having a notch configured within said substantially cylindrically shaped member for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges upon rotation of said worm gear, first applying said first mounting block to said first strut rails by first engaging said tooth beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail and rotating said solar panel to enable said cam to frictionally abut a second turned in edge of said first strut rail while inserting said substantially cylindrically shaped member between said side walls of said second strut rail and rotating said worm gear for securing said notch to a turned in edge of said second strut rail. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said first and second mounting fixtures are applied to said photovoltaic solar panels prior to elevating said photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising installing a grounding strip within said notch prior to securing said second mounting fixture to a turned in edge of said second strut rail. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein a plurality of first and second strut rails are applied to said roof end to end. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said first and second strut rails are applied to said roof while providing a gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 16. The method of claim 15 further applying an electrically conductive bridge spanning said gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 17. The method of claim 11 further comprising installing a grounding strip proximate said tooth located between said first mounting block and first turned in edge of said first strut rail. 