Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer implemented method for system start-up, calibration, and configuration, comprising: connecting an installed System to a central database via a network; communicating System Configuration Data to said central database via said network; sending a request to said central database requesting configuration, calibration, and start-up of the system; establishing Best Known Method configuration data and System Performance benchmark metrics from said central database established from aggregated data from systems with similar System Configuration Data; downloading said Best Known Method configuration data to the system and initiating the start-up of said installed system; monitoring said installed system for an Optimization and Burn-in time interval; and highlighting performance metrics of said installed system which fail to meet said System Performance benchmark metrics. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 6. A computer implemented method troubleshooting system performance metrics, comprising: connecting an installed System to a central database via a network; receiving a notice of decreased system performance with respect to established System Performance benchmark metrics and the results of a troubleshooting or corrective action activity; determining if said installed System is covered by a warranty guarantee; determining if said installed System is covered by a service contract; determining if said installed System configuration is consistent with an established Best Known Method configuration comprising hardware, software, and firmware upgrades; upgrading said installed System to said Best Known Method configuration if said installed System configuration is not consistent with said Best Known Method configuration; generating a list comprising hardware software, and firmware that may return said installed System performance metrics to established System Performance benchmark metrics; and notifying members of the supply chain of a possible Sales opportunity. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 10. The method of claim 5 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 11. A system for start-up, calibration, and configuration of Energy Systems, comprising: one or more Energy Systems requiring start-up, calibration, and configuration; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems and functional to monitor settings and performance attributes data associated with said Energy Systems; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems and functional to measure environmental conditions data; a local communications device coupled to said Energy Systems and functional to communicate said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a centralized database coupled to the network and functional to receive and store said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a user interface functional to permit remote interaction with said centralized database; a computer readable medium containing procedures functional to act upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data, the procedures comprising one or more of establishing Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data based on data from said Energy Systems and one or more systems otherwise not associated with said Energy Systems, establishing an Energy System configuration from said Energy System settings and performance attributes data, and transmitting said Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data back across said network to said one or more Energy Systems via one or more transmitting output devices coupled to the computer readable medium; and display output devices for displaying the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group comprising an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 15. A system for responding to a decrease in the level of system performance metrics, comprising: one or more Energy Systems; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems and effective to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems and effective to measure environmental conditions data; a local communications device coupled to said Energy Systems and effective to communicate said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a centralized database coupled to the network and effective to receive and store said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a user interface functional to permit remote interaction with said centralized database; a computer readable medium containing procedures functional to act upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data, the procedures comprising one or more of establishing benchmark metrics for Energy System performance, establishing Energy System performance metrics, determining conformance of said Energy System performance metrics to said benchmark metrics, transmitting said Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data back across said network to said one or more Energy Systems via one or more transmitting output devices, and generating lists of suggested actions to conform said Energy System performance metrics to said benchmark metrics; and display output devices functional to display the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group comprising an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 