Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated mounting system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a gantry including (i) a frame configured for housing functional devices of said infrastructures and (ii) a plurality of posts supporting the frame in a pre-selected position; a system cabinet containing electronic equipment of the functional devices; and a conduit interconnecting the electronic equipment and the functional devices; wherein portions of the conduit are disposed in elements of the gantry; and wherein the frame comprises a plurality of modules detachably connected to one another and having arms and shoulders that are generally adapted for concealing and protecting branches of the conduit. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the functional devices include antennas, cameras, sensors and/or photovoltaic panels of communicating, surveillance, and/or solar systems and apparatuses of said infrastructures. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the modules comprises a joint coupling allowing rotational movements of portions of said system relative to one another, and after disconnecting a flange between modules, a portion of the gantry including modules and two posts attached thereto may be rotated, about an axis of opposing joint coupling, relative to another portion of the gantry. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the posts are detachably connected to the frame and the posts comprise sections detachably connected to one another in a fixed or length-adjustable relationship. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to external sources of electric power and/or land data networks of said infrastructures. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the system cabinet further contains a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the portions of the conduit and/or a wiring raceway thereof extend from the system cabinet, enter via an entry port into a post of the gantry and propagate through openings in the post and members of one or more modules to reach, via arms and shoulders of the modules, external elements of the electronic equipment, wherein one or more portions of the conduit may extend from the arms and form service loops. 8. The system of claim 1, further including one or more of an internal and an external source of electric power, wherein the external elements include one or more of solar devices, such as photovoltaic panels, wind generators, fuel cells, and other electrical generating elements that can be used as main, supplemental, or backup sources of electric power for components of the electronic equipment. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising components adapted for providing water tightening of the gantry and/or the system cabinet. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising components adapted for securing the system cabinet and/or the gantry to supporting foundations thereof. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing said system. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the gantry includes: seals, gaskets, and covers adapted for preventing an interior of the gantry from ingress of moisture or water; fixtures preventing unauthorized access to components of electronic equipment; and fixtures preventing climbing on posts, including anti-climbing dishes; and members adapted for securing and stabilizing the gantry. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein components of the electronic equipment and/or the system cabinet are provided with one of radio-frequency identification (RFID) sensors and/or sensors and interlocks traceable via the Global Positioning System (GPS) utilized for monitoring a location of the system and for protecting the electronic equipment from theft or damage. 14. An integrated mounting system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a gantry having (i) a frame configured for housing functional devices including antennas, cameras, sensors and/or photovoltaic panels of communicating, surveillance, and solar systems and apparatuses of said infrastructures and (ii) four posts supporting the frame in a substantially horizontal position; a system cabinet containing electronic equipment of the functional devices; and a conduit interconnecting the electronic equipment and the functional devices; wherein portions of the conduit are disposed in elements of the gantry; and wherein the frame comprises a plurality of modules detachably connected to one another and having arms and shoulders that are generally adapted for concealing and protecting branches of the conduit. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein: the frame comprises a plurality of modules detachably connected to one another, at least one of said modules having couplings allowing rotational movements of portions of said system relative to one another, wherein after disconnecting a flange between modules, a portion of the gantry including modules and two posts attached thereto may be rotated, about an axis of opposing joint coupling, relative to another portion of the gantry; at least a portion of said posts comprises sections detachably connected to one another in a fixed or length-adjustable relationship; the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to external sources of electric power and/or land data networks of said infrastructures; the system cabinet contains a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation; and portions of the conduit and/or a wiring raceway thereof are disposed in elements of the gantry. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the portions of the conduit and/or a wiring raceway thereof extend from the system cabinet, enter via an entry port into a post of the gantry and propagate through openings in the post and members of one or more modules to reach, via arms and shoulders of the modules, external elements of the electronic equipment, wherein one or more portions of the conduit may extend from the arms and form service loops. 17. The system of claim 14, further comprising: components adapted for providing water tightening of the gantry and the system cabinet; components adapted for securing the system cabinet and/or the gantry to supporting foundations thereof; and internal or external sources of electric power, wherein the external elements include one or more of solar devices, such as photovoltaic panels, wind generators, fuel cells, and other electrical generating elements that can be used as main, supplemental, or backup sources of electric power for components of the electronic equipment. 18. The system of claim 14, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing said system. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein the gantry includes: seals, gaskets, and covers adapted for preventing an interior of the gantry from ingress of moisture or water; fixtures preventing unauthorized access to components of electronic equipment; and fixtures preventing climbing on posts, including anti-climbing dishes; and members adapted for securing and stabilizing the gantry. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein components of the electronic equipment and/or the system cabinet are provided with one of radio-frequency identification (RFID) sensors and/or sensors and interlocks traceable via the Global Positioning System (GPS) utilized for monitoring a location of the system and for protecting the electronic equipment from theft or damage. 