Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar module, comprising: a solar generator for converting incident radiation into electrical power; a solar inverter for feeding power generated by said solar generator into a power supply system or a load; a variable bias load connected in parallel with said solar generator; and a control device driving said variable bias load, detecting a presently available power of said solar generator and a present no-load loss of said solar inverter, comparing the detected power of said solar generator and the detected no-load loss of said solar inverter and enabling the power of said solar generator to be fed into the power supply system or the load by said solar inverter only when the detected power of said solar generator exceeds the detected no-load loss of said solar inverter. 2. The solar module according to claim 1, wherein said control device enables the power of said solar generator to be fed into the power supply system or the load by said solar inverter only when the detected power of said solar generator exceeds the detected no-load loss of said solar inverter for a predetermined minimum time duration. 3. The solar module according to claim 1, wherein said control device detects the power of said solar generator at an optimum operating point of said solar generator or of the solar module as a whole. 4. The solar module according to claim 1, wherein said control device is a microcontroller integrated into said solar inverter. 5. The solar module according to claim 1, wherein said variable bias load is linear or clocked. 6. The solar module according to claim 1, which further comprises: at least one storage capacitor connected in parallel with said solar generator; said control device discharging said at least one storage capacitor through said bias load as required. 7. The solar module according to claim 6, which further comprises an indicating device associated with said bias load for indicating a discharge current through said bias load. 8. The solar module according to claim 1, which further comprises: a plurality of series-connected storage capacitors connected in parallel with said solar generator; said variable bias load being one of a plurality of variable bias loads each associated with a respective one of said plurality of storage capacitors. 9. A method for controlling operation of a solar module, the method comprising the following steps: providing a solar generator for converting incident radiation into electrical power; providing a solar inverter for feeding power generated by the solar generator into a power supply system or a load; providing a variable bias load connected in parallel with the solar generator; detecting a presently available power of the solar generator; detecting a present no-load loss of the solar inverter; comparing the detected power of the solar generator and the detected no-load loss of the solar inverter; and feeding the power of the solar generator into the power supply system or the load by the solar inverter only when the detected power of the solar generator exceeds the detected no-load loss of the solar inverter. 10. The method according to claim 9, which further comprises feeding the power of the solar generator into the power supply system or the load by the solar inverter only when the detected power of the solar generator exceeds the detected no-load loss of the solar inverter for a predetermined minimum time duration. 11. The method according to claim 9, which further comprises detecting the power of the solar generator at an optimum operating point of the solar generator or of the solar module as a whole. 12. The method according to claim 9, which further comprises: providing at least one storage capacitor connected in parallel with the solar generator; and discharging the at least one storage capacitor through the bias load, as required. 13. The method according to claim 12, which further comprises indicating a discharge current through the bias load. 14. A solar module, comprising: a solar generator for converting incident radiation into electrical power; at least one storage capacitor connected in parallel with said solar generator; a solar inverter for feeding power generated by said solar generator into a power supply system or a load; a variable bias load connected in parallel with said solar generator; and a control device discharging said at least one storage capacitor through said bias load as required. 15. A method for controlling operation of a solar module, the method comprising the following steps: providing a solar generator for converting incident radiation into electrical power; providing at least one storage capacitor connected in parallel with the solar generator; providing a solar inverter for feeding power generated by the solar generator into a power supply system or a load; providing a bias load connected in parallel with the solar generator; and discharging the at least one storage capacitor through the bias load, as required. 16. A solar module, comprising: a solar generator for converting incident radiation into electrical power; a plurality of series-connected storage capacitors connected in parallel with said solar generator; a solar inverter for feeding power generated by said solar generator into a power supply system or a load; and a plurality of variable bias loads each being associated with a respective one of said storage capacitors. 