Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for mounting a solar collector panel at an angle .alpha. to a flat surface, said solar collector panel supported within a frame, said frame having a top edge and a perpendicular through hole near one end, comprising: a) said solar collector panel; b) a first bracket, located near said one end of said frame, having a top, a bottom, at right angles to each other, and a first height, said top pivotally fastened to said frame via said through hole and said bottom fastened to said flat surface; c) a clip adapted to clamp said frame, said clip clamped to an other end of said frame, transverse to said frame, over said top edge at a lateral side, said lateral side extending from said one end to said other end of said frame; d) a second bracket, located near the other end of said frame, having a top leg, a middle leg and a bottom leg, and a second height; said second height being greater than said first height; said middle leg and bottom leg being at right angles to each other; said middle leg and top leg being at a predetermined angle .beta. to each other; said clip fastened to said top leg; and d) a fastener attaching said clip to said top leg; a length of said fastener running in a direction transverse to said frame; whereby said solar collector panel is mounted at said angle .alpha. to said flat surface. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1 in which said flat surface is a roof. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1 in which said flat surface is a top of a standing seam roof clamp. 4. A system as claimed in claim 1 in which said flat surface is a bar connecting between two standing seam roof clamps. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1 in which said flat surface is a top leg of another second bracket. 6. A system as claimed in claim 5 in which said second bracket is essentially C shaped. 7. A system as claimed in claim 5 in which said second bracket is essentially Z shaped. 8. A system as claimed in claim 5 further comprising a safety tether, connected between said frame and said bracket. 