Claims We claim: 1. A method of setting an operating parameter of a photovoltaic element using a maximum power point tracker having a processor and a memory, the method comprising: measuring a first power of a photovoltaic element at a first value of an operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; measuring a second power of the photovoltaic element at a second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the difference between the first and second values of the operating parameter defines a first dither value; measuring a third power of the photovoltaic element at the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; measuring a fourth power of the photovoltaic element at a third value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the third value of the operating parameter being different from the second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the difference between the first and third values of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element being equal to a second dither value; measuring a fifth power of the photovoltaic element at the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; calculating a slope of a power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element using the first power of the photovoltaic element, the second power of the photovoltaic element, the fourth power of the photovoltaic element, the fifth power of the photovoltaic element, and the first dither value and the second dither value; calculating a new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the new value of the operating parameter is based at least in part on the first value of the operating parameter and the slope of the power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element; and adjusting a value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element so that the value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is equal to the new value of the operating parameter. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a voltage. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a current. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the first dither value and the second dither value are equal. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the new value of the operating parameter is based at least in part on a change in irradiance on the photovoltaic element, and wherein the change in irradiance is determined by comparing the third power of the photovoltaic element with at least one of the first power of the photovoltaic element and the fifth power of the photovoltaic element. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving environment data, wherein the new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is based at least in part on the environment data. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the environment data includes at least one of an image of the sky, a video of the sky, and a weather forecast. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the difference between the value of the new operating parameter and the first value of the operating parameter depends at least in part on a value of the operating power of the photovoltaic element when the new value of the operating parameter is calculated. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is adjusted by changing an impedance of an inverter connected to the photovoltaic element. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the first dither value and the second dither value are variables that are based at least in part on at least one of fill factor, a type of solar cell composing the photovoltaic element, power, voltage, irradiance, and temperature. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the first power of the photovoltaic element, the second power of the photovoltaic element, the third power of the photovoltaic element, the fourth power of the photovoltaic element, and the fifth power of the photovoltaic element are each measured after an equal time interval, wherein a value of the equal time interval is based at least in part on at least one of power, voltage, irradiance, and temperature. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is equal to a value of an open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic element minus a delta value. 13. A maximum power point tracking system for maximizing a photovoltaic element's output power, the system comprising: a maximum power point tracking component, the maximum power point tracking component configured to: measure a first power of a photovoltaic element at a first value of an operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; measure a second power of the photovoltaic element at a second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the difference between the first and second values of the operating parameter defines a first dither value; measure a third power of the photovoltaic element at the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; measure a fourth power of the photovoltaic element at a third value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the third value of the operating parameter being different from the second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the difference between the first and third values of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element being equal to a second dither value; measure a fifth power of the photovoltaic element at the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; calculate a slope of a power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element using the first power of the photovoltaic element, the second power of the photovoltaic element, the fourth power of the photovoltaic element, the fifth power of the photovoltaic element, and the first dither value and the second dither value; calculate a new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the new value of the operating parameter is based at least in part on the first value of the operating parameter and the slope of the power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element; and a photovoltaic element control component that controls an operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the photovoltaic element control component configured to adjust a value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element so that the value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is equal to the new value of the operating parameter. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a voltage. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a current. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the first dither value and the second dither value are equal. 17. The system of claim 13, wherein the new value of the operating parameter is based at least in part on a change in irradiance on the photovoltaic element, and wherein the change in irradiance is determined by comparing the third power of the photovoltaic element with at least one of the first power of the photovoltaic element and the fifth power of the photovoltaic element. 18. The system of claim 13, further comprising an environment sensing component, the environment sensing component configured to produce or receive environment data relating to the photovoltaic element, wherein the new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is based at least in part on the environment data. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the environment data includes at least one of an image of the sky, a video of the sky, and a weather forecast. 20. The method of claim 13, wherein the difference between the new value of the operating parameter and the first value of the operating parameter depends at least in part on an operating power of the photovoltaic element when the new value of the operating parameter is calculated. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein the photovoltaic element control component is an inverter, and wherein the value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is adjusted by changing an impedance of the inverter. 22. The method of claim 13, wherein the first dither value and the second dither value are variables that are based at least in part on at least one of fill factor, a type of solar cell composing the photovoltaic element, power, voltage, irradiance, and temperature. 23. The method of claim 13, wherein the first power of the photovoltaic element, the second power of the photovoltaic element, the third power of the photovoltaic element, the fourth power of the photovoltaic element, and the fifth power of the photovoltaic element are each measured after an equal time interval, wherein the equal time interval is based at least in part on at least one of power, voltage, irradiance, and temperature. 24. The method of claim 13, wherein the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is equal to a value an open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic element minus a delta value. 25. A method of setting an operating parameter of a photovoltaic element using a maximum power point tracker having a processor and a memory, the method comprising: measuring a first power of a photovoltaic element at a first value of an operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; measuring a second power of the photovoltaic element at a second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the difference between the first and second values of the operating parameter defines a first dither value; measuring a third power of the photovoltaic element at a third value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the third value of the operating parameter being different from the second value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, the difference between the first and third values of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element being equal to a second dither value; measuring a fourth power of the photovoltaic element at the first value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element; calculating a slope of a power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element using the first power of the photovoltaic element, the second power of the photovoltaic element, the third power of the photovoltaic element, the fourth power of the photovoltaic element, and the first dither value and the second dither value; calculating a new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, wherein the new value of the operating parameter is based at least in part on the first value of the operating parameter and the slope of the power-operating parameter curve of the photovoltaic element; and adjusting a value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element so that the value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is equal to the new value of the operating parameter. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising receiving environment data, wherein the new value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is based at least in part on the environment data. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein the environment data includes at least one of an image of the sky, a video of the sky, and a weather forecast. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein a difference between the new value of the operating parameter and the first value of the operating parameter depends at least in part on an operating power of the photovoltaic element when the new value of the operating parameter is calculated. 29. The method of claim 25, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a voltage. 30. The method of claim 25, wherein the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element is a current. 31. The method of claim 25, wherein the first dither value is equal to the second dither value. 32. The method of claim 1, wherein measuring the third power of the photovoltaic element is completed at a central time difference between measuring the first power of the photovoltaic element and measuring the fifth power of the photovoltaic element, and wherein measuring the third power of the photovoltaic element is completed at a central time difference between measuring the second power of the photovoltaic element and measuring the fourth power of the photovoltaic element. 33. The method of claim 25, wherein the slope of the power-operating parameter curve is calculated using a first and second central difference representation of power change about a common time instance, wherein the first central difference representation of power change results from a calculated change in the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, and wherein the second central difference representation of the power change results from a change in irradiance. 34. A method of setting an operating parameter of a photovoltaic element using a maximum power point tracker having a processor and a memory, the method comprising: calculating a slope of a power-operating parameter curve of a photovoltaic element using a first and second central difference representation of power change about a common time instance, wherein the first central difference representation of power change results from a calculated change in the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element, and wherein the second central difference representation of the power change results from a change in irradiance on the photovoltaic element; and adjusting a value of the operating parameter of the photovoltaic element based at least in part on the slope of the power-operating parameter curve. 