Claims We claim: 1. A method for detecting an isolated network condition for an inverter carrying a converter voltage that is connected in parallel with a grid having a mains frequency, a mains voltage, and electric loads, and that is decoupled from the grid by a choke, comprising: superimposing a test signal upon the converter voltage at a test frequency, wherein the test frequency of the test signal is smaller than the mains frequency, and wherein an amplitude of the test signal is much smaller than a nominal voltage amplitude of the mains voltage, but still just large enough for changes in reactive power to be detectable as a result of the test signal, detecting a reactive power delivered by the inverter, which oscillates with the test frequency of the test signal, and detecting the isolated network condition if the detected reactive power falls below an imposed minimum level. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein an amplitude of the test signal is smaller than 2% of the nominal voltage amplitude of the mains voltage. 3. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein the frequency of the test signal is between 0.5 Hz to 5 Hz. 4. The method as set forth in claim 1, further comprising filtering out the reactive power that oscillates with the test frequency using at least one integrator. 5. The method as set forth in claim 4, wherein the at least one integrator comprises two integrators, wherein an output signal of a first integrator is supplied to a second integrator, with outputs of said second integrator are supplied to square members and outputs of the square members are added together in an adder, wherein an output of the adder is square-rooted in a square-root extractor and evaluated in an evaluation unit. 6. The method as set forth in claim 5, further comprising comparing an aperiodic quantity output from the square-root extractor to a threshold value in the evaluation unit and monitoring the aperiodic quantity to see whether a value for the aperiodic quantity falls below the threshold value, wherein the aperiodic quantity falling below the threshold value is indicative of an isolated network condition, wherein the inverter is disconnected from the mains. 7. The method as set forth in claim 1, further comprising filtering the reactive power that oscillates with the test frequency using a Gortzel algorithm or by means of a Fourier transformation. 8. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein the grid is a three phase grid. 9. The method as set forth in claim 8, wherein superimposing a test signal comprises superimposing a phase test signal upon each of the three phases. 10. The method as set forth in claim 9, wherein the phase test signals of the three phases are phase shifted by 120.degree. relative to each other. 11. The method as set forth in claim 9, wherein detecting a reactive power comprises detecting a reactive phase power on each of the three phases. 12. The method as set forth in claim 11, wherein the reactive power is calculated from the reactive phase powers of the three phases. 13. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises a battery inverter configured to couple a battery to a load, wherein the battery operates as an electric energy accumulator. 14. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein the inverter is configured to be coupled to a speed variable internal combustion engine, a wind generator, a water power plant, or a photovoltaic plant. 15. The method as set forth in claim 1, wherein the inverter is connected to the grid through a transfer contactor so that the inverter is configured to be selectively disconnected from the grid. 