Claims We claim: 1. A load breaker arrangement, comprising: first and second input terminals configured to interface with a DC energy source at positive and negative poles thereof, respectively; first and second output terminals configured to interface with a DC side of an inverter circuit at positive and negative poles thereof, respectively; two relays connected in series with one another, wherein the two relays are coupled between the second input terminal and the second output terminal; a semiconductor switch connected in parallel with one of the two relays; a third relay coupled between the first input terminal and the first output terminal; and a control circuit configured to, in a load breaker mode, turn on the semiconductor switch while the two relays and the third relay are closed, then open the one of the two relays in parallel with the semiconductor switch, then open the semiconductor switch to break a current between the second input terminal and the second output terminal, and then open the other of the two relays not in parallel with the semiconductor switch and open the third relay. 2. The load breaker arrangement of claim 1, wherein the control circuit is configured to open the third relay after the opening of the other of the two relays. 3. The load breaker arrangement of claim 1, further comprising a manually operable load breaker component in series with the two relays. 4. The load breaker arrangement of claim 3, wherein a series combination of the manually operable load breaker component and the one of the two relays is in parallel with the semiconductor switch. 5. The load breaker arrangement of claim 1, wherein the control circuit is configured to enter the load breaker mode in response to a flaw indication at an input thereof. 6. The load breaker arrangement of claim 1, wherein the control circuit operates alternately in one of a normal operating mode and the load breaker mode, wherein in the normal operating mode the control circuit is configured to close the two relays, close the third relay, and open the semiconductor switch. 7. The load breaker arrangement of claim 1, wherein the opening of the other of the two relays and the third relay is performed concurrently. 