Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A single stage inverter device, for converters of power from dc energy sources to an electric ac network or grid having at least one phase, of pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, comprising switching means capable to periodically connect, with period T.sub.s lower than the period T.sub.grid corresponding to the pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, a source, capable to output a voltage v.sub.g(t) of average value V.sub.g, to the grid so that the device output current i.sub.0(t) is in phase with the voltage v.sub.0(t) of at least one phase of the grid, the maximum value of which is V.sub.o,max, the switching means being controlled by controlling electronic means operating according to a control over a single switching cycle of the switching means, the device seeing an output inductance L, the device comprising a sensing resistor of resistance R.sub.s connected in series to the grid, the controlling electronic means comprising: a resettable integrator circuit having a time constant .tau. such that .tau.<T.sub.s, the input of which receives a voltage signal (V.sub.c-K.sub.g*V.sub.g) equal to the difference between a control voltage V.sub.c and a voltage proportional by a first factor K.sub.g to the output voltage v.sub.g(t) of the source, comparator means, capable to output a signal indicative of the comparison of a voltage drop [R.sub.si.sub.o(t)] on the sensing resistor with the sum of the output signal of the integrator circuit and a voltage [Kv.sub.o(t)] proportional by a second factor K to the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the grid, and generator means capable to receive the output signal from the comparator means and a signal indicative of the phase of the grid for providing one or more signals for controlling the switching means, the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g being such as to fulfil the following first constraint: .gtoreq..times..times..times..times..times..tau..times..times. ##EQU00018## wherein the device fulfils a second constraint whereby the input signal of the integrator circuit is always positive, and it fulfils a third constraint whereby, at any time instant, the input voltage of the switching means is higher than the output voltage thereof, and it fulfils a fourth constraint whereby .function..function..alpha..function..gamma..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq- ..times..times..times..times..times..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq..functio- n..function..alpha..function..gamma. ##EQU00019## where: .tau. ##EQU00020## P.sub.o(S) is the device output average power for a set S of operation conditions, P.sub.g,MPP(S.sub.max) is the maximum power deliverable by the source, .alpha. is a first coefficient of overload, with .alpha..gtoreq.1, and .gamma. is a second coefficient, with .gamma.<1. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g are such that: V.sub.c>K.sub.g(V.sub.g+.DELTA.V.sub.g) where .DELTA.V.sub.g is the peak-to-peak amplitude of the oscillation of the voltage v.sub.g(t). 3. A device according to claim 1, wherein the second factor K is such that: V.sub.g-.DELTA.V.sub.g>(1+K)V.sub.o,max where .DELTA.V.sub.g is the peak-to-peak amplitude of the oscillation of the voltage v.sub.g(t). 4. A device according to claim 1, wherein the resettable integrator circuit is reset when |R.sub.s*i.sub.o|>|K*v.sub.o|-v.sub.m*t/T.sub.s. 5. A device according to claim 1, wherein the controlling electronic means further comprises processing electronic means, connected at its input to the source for determining the power thereof with sampling period T.sub.a, capable to output at least one signal capable to vary the value of at least one corresponding parameter, selected from the group comprising the resistance R.sub.s, the time constant .tau., the control voltage V.sub.c, the first factor K.sub.g, the second factor K, and a combination of them, by continuously perturbing the output average power P.sub.o(S) so as to search the maximum output power point according to the so called hill climbing method. 6. A device according to claim 5, wherein the processing electronic means is capable to detect the instant output voltage and current of the source. 7. A device according to claim 5, wherein T.sub.a>T.sub.s. 8. A device according to claim 5, wherein the processing electronic means outputs the control voltage V.sub.c, that is provided as input to the integrator circuit. 9. A device according to claim 1, wherein the controlling electronic means are at least partially integrated in at least one microprocessor and/or at least one digital signal processor and/or at least one microcontroller. 10. A device according to claim 1, wherein the source is such that the point of maximum input power of the device is variable and/or the factor of output power or PF-out of the device is variable with the set S of operation conditions. 11. A device according to claim 10, wherein the source is a renewable energy source. 12. A device according to claim 11, wherein the source is a photovoltaic source, the operation conditions of the set S being one or more conditions selected from the group comprising sunlight level, temperature, and source degradation. 13. A device according to claim 1, wherein the electric network is a single-phase or three-phase network. 14. A single switching cycle method of controlling switching means of a single stage inverter device, for converters of power from dc energy sources to an electric ac network or grid having at least one phase, of pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, wherein the switching means periodically connects, with period T.sub.s lower than the period T.sub.grid corresponding to the pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, a source, capable to output a voltage v.sub.g(t) of average value V.sub.g, to the grid so that the device output current i.sub.0(t) of each phase is in phase with the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the same phase of the grid the maximum value of which is V.sub.o,max, the method comprising the following steps: A. integrating, according to a time constant .tau. such that .tau.<T.sub.s, a voltage signal (V.sub.c-K.sub.g*v.sub.g) equal to the difference between a control voltage V.sub.c and a voltage proportional by a first factor K.sub.g to the output voltage v.sub.g(t) of the source, B. comparing a voltage drop [R.sub.si.sub.o(t)], on a sensing resistor of resistance R.sub.s connected in series to the grid, with the sum of the result of the integration of step A with a voltage [Kv.sub.o(t)] proportional by a second factor K to the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the grid, and C. generating one or more signals for controlling the switching means on the basis of the result of the comparison of step B, the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g being such as to fulfil the following first constraint: .gtoreq..times..times..times..times..times..tau..times..times. ##EQU00021## where L is the output inductance seen by the inverter device, wherein the voltage signal integrated in step A is always positive, the input voltage of the switching means (M1-M4) is higher than the output voltage thereof, and .function..function..alpha..function..gamma..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq- ..times..times..times..times..times..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq..functio- n..function..alpha..function..gamma. ##EQU00022## where: .tau. ##EQU00023## P.sub.o(S) is the device output average power for a set S of operation conditions, P.sub.g,MPP(S.sub.max) is the maximum power deliverable by the source, .alpha. is a first coefficient of overload, with a .alpha..gtoreq.1, and .gamma. is a second coefficient, with .gamma.<1. 15. A method according to claim 14, wherein the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g are such that: V.sub.c>K.sub.g(V.sub.g+.DELTA.V.sub.g) where .DELTA.V.sub.g is the peak-to-peak amplitude of the oscillation of the voltage v.sub.g(t). 16. A method according to claim 14, wherein the second factor K is such that: V.sub.g-.DELTA.V.sub.g>(1+K)V.sub.o,max where .DELTA.V.sub.g is the peak-to-peak amplitude of the oscillation of the voltage v.sub.g(t). 17. A method according to claim 14, wherein the result of the integration of step A is reset when |R.sub.s*i.sub.o|>|K*v.sub.o|-v.sub.m*t/T.sub.s. 18. A method of scaling a single stage inverter device, for converters of power from dc energy sources to an electric ac network or grid having at least one phase, of pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, wherein the device comprises switching means capable to periodically connect, with period T.sub.s lower than the period T.sub.grid corresponding to the pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, a source, capable to output a voltage v.sub.g(t) of average value V.sub.g, to the grid so that the device output current i.sub.0(t) is in phase with the voltage v.sub.0(t) of at least one phase of the grid, the maximum value of which is V.sub.o,max, the switching means being controlled by controlling electronic means operating according to a control over a single switching cycle of the switching means, the device seeing an output inductance L, the device comprising a sensing resistor of resistance R.sub.s connected in series to the grid, the controlling electronic means comprising: a resettable integrator circuit having a time constant .tau. such that .tau.<T.sub.s, the input of which receives a voltage signal (V.sub.c-K.sub.g*v.sub.g) equal to the difference between a control voltage V.sub.c and a voltage proportional by a first factor K.sub.g to the output voltage v.sub.g(t) of the source, comparator means, capable to output a signal indicative of the comparison of a voltage drop [R.sub.si.sub.o(t)] on the sensing resistor with the sum of the output signal of the integrator circuit and a voltage [Kv.sub.o(t)] proportional by a second factor K to the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the grid, and generator means capable to receive the output signal from the comparator means and a signal indicative of the phase of the grid for providing one or more signals for controlling the switching means, the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g being such as to fulfil the following first constraint: .gtoreq..times..times..times..times..times..tau..times..times. ##EQU00024## wherein the device fulfils a second constraint whereby the input signal of the integrator circuit is always positive, and it fulfils a third constraint whereby, at any time instant, the input voltage of the switching means is higher than the output voltage thereof, and it fulfils a fourth constraint whereby .function..function..alpha..function..gamma..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq- ..times..times..times..times..times..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq..functio- n..function..alpha..function..gamma. ##EQU00025## where: .tau. ##EQU00026## P.sub.o(S) is the device output average power for a set S of operation conditions, P.sub.g,MPP(S.sub.max) is the maximum power deliverable by the source, .alpha. is a first coefficient of overload, with .alpha..gtoreq.1, and .gamma. is a second coefficient, with .gamma.<1, wherein the scaling method selects the values of the resistance R.sub.s, of the time constant .tau., of the control voltage V.sub.C, of the first factor K.sub.g, and of the second factor K such as to minimise at least one merit figure selected from the group comprising: a merit figure .PSI..sub.0, equal to .PSI..sub.0=P.sub.g,MPP(S.sub.0)-P.sub.o(S.sub.0) where S.sub.0 is a set S of specific operation conditions and P.sub.g(S.sub.0) is the power delivered by the source in correspondence of the set S.sub.0 of specific operation conditions, and a further merit figure .PSI..sub.3, equal to the root mean square deviation of the maximum power P.sub.g,MPP(S) deliverable by the source and the device output power P.sub.o(S) over a whole range [S.sub.min, S.sub.max] of sets S of operation conditions, that is .PSI..times..times..function..function..function. ##EQU00027## where S.sub.min and S.sub.max are sets of specific operation conditions whereby P.sub.g,MPP(S) assumes, respectively, the minimum and the maximum value within the range [S.sub.min, S.sub.max]. 19. A method according to claim 18, wherein the merit figure .PSI..sub.0=.PSI..sub.1 is calculated for the set S.sub.min of specific operation conditions. 20. A method according to claim 18, wherein the merit figure .PSI..sub.0=.PSI..sub.2 is calculated for the set S.sub.max of specific operation conditions. 21. A method according to claim 18, wherein the values of the resistance R.sub.s, of the time constant .tau., of the control voltage V.sub.c, of the first factor K.sub.g, and of the second factor K are determined through at least one either deterministic and stochastic numerical technique. 22. A method according to claim 21, characterised in that said at least one either deterministic and stochastic numerical technique comprises an estimation through the Montecarlo method and/or an evolutionary type search algorithms, preferably a genetic algorithm. 23. A method according to claim 18, wherein the source is a photovoltaic source, the operation conditions of the set S being one or more conditions selected from the group comprising sunlight level, temperature, and source degradation. 24. A controller device for controlling switching means of a single stage inverter device, for converters of power from dc energy sources to an electric ac network or grid having at least one phase, of pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, wherein the switching means are capable to periodically connect, with period T.sub.s lower than the period T.sub.grid corresponding to the pulsation frequency .omega..sub.grid, a source, capable to output a voltage v.sub.g(t) of average value V.sub.g, to the grid so that the device output current i.sub.0(t) is in phase with the voltage v.sub.0(t) of at least one phase of the grid, the maximum value of which is V.sub.o,max, wherein the controller device operates according to a control over a single switching cycle of the switching means, wherein the device sees an output inductance L, wherein the device comprises a sensing resistor of resistance R.sub.s connected in series to the grid, wherein the controller device comprises: a resettable integrator circuit having a time constant .tau. such that .tau.<T.sub.s, the input of which receives a voltage signal (V.sub.c-K.sub.g*v.sub.g) equal to the difference between a control voltage V.sub.c and a voltage proportional by a first factor K.sub.g to the output voltage v.sub.g(t) of the source, comparator means, capable to output a signal indicative of the comparison of a voltage drop [R.sub.si.sub.o(t)] on the sensing resistor with the sum of the output signal of the integrator circuit and a voltage [Kv.sub.o(t)] proportional by a second factor K to the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the grid, and generator means capable to receive the output signal from the comparator means and a signal indicative of the phase of the grid for providing one or more signals for controlling the switching means. 25. A controller device according to claim 24, wherein it is capable to perform a single switching cycle method comprising the following steps: A. integrating, according to a time constant .tau. such that .tau.<T.sub.s, a voltage signal (V.sub.c-K.sub.g*v.sub.g) equal to the difference between a control voltage V.sub.c and a voltage proportional by a first factor K.sub.g to the output voltage v.sub.g(t) of the source, B. comparing a voltage drop [R.sub.si.sub.o(t)], on a sensing resistor of resistance R.sub.s connected in series to the grid, with the sum of the result of the integration of step A with a voltage [Kv.sub.o(t)] proportional by a second factor K to the voltage v.sub.0(t) of the grid, and C. generating one or more signals for controlling the switching means on the basis of the result of the comparison of step B, the control voltage V.sub.c and the first factor K.sub.g being such as to fulfil the following first constraint: .gtoreq..times..times..times..times..times..tau..times..times. ##EQU00028## where L is the output inductance seen by the inverter device, wherein the voltage signal integrated in step A is always positive, the input voltage of the switching means (M1-M4) is higher than the output voltage thereof, and .function..function..alpha..function..gamma..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq- ..times..times..times..times..times..ltoreq..times..times..ltoreq..functio- n..function..alpha..function..gamma. ##EQU00029## where: .tau. ##EQU00030## P.sub.o(S) is the device output average power for a set S of operation conditions, P.sub.g,MPP(S.sub.max) is the maximum power deliverable by the source, .alpha. is a first coefficient of overload, with .alpha..gtoreq.1, and .gamma. is a second coefficient, with .gamma.<1. 