Claims What is claimed is: 1. A rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a first ballasted footer comprising a base having a longitudinal extent, a first end, and a second end, a first mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the second end, opposite the first end, of the base; a second ballasted footer spaced from said first ballasted footer and comprising a second base having a second longitudinal extent, a third end, and a fourth end, a third mounting post extending upwardly from the second base adjacent to the third end, and a fourth mounting post extending upwardly from the second base adjacent to the fourth end, opposite the third end; and a photovoltaic module mounting framework comprising a plurality of rails, a first rail of the plurality of rails being attached to a top surface of one of the first or second mounting posts of the first ballasted footer and attached to a top surface of one of the third or fourth mounting posts of the second ballasted footer. 2. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a wind deflector adjacent to the first ballasted footer. 3. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 2, wherein the wind deflector comprises a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. 4. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 3, wherein the wind deflector has a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. 5. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 2, wherein the wind deflector comprises aluminum, steel or galvanized steel. 6. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first ballasted footer comprises concrete. 7. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first ballasted footer comprises a first ferrule loop insert. 8. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 7, wherein the second ballasted footer comprises a second ferrule loop insert and the first and second ferrule loop inserts are electrically wire bonded. 9. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first rail comprises: a rectangular top plate having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge; a first side wall extending from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a second side wall extending from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a first base plate extending from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall; and a second base plate extending from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. 10. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first rail comprises galvanized steel. 11. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, further comprising: a wind deflector adjacent to the first ballasted footer; a photovoltaic module mounting bracket attached to each rail; and a photovoltaic module attached to the photovoltaic module mounting framework by the photovoltaic module mounting bracket. 12. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector comprises a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. 13. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector has a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. 14. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector comprises aluminum, steel or galvanized steel. 15. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the first ballasted footer comprises concrete. 16. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the first ballasted footer comprises a first ferrule loop insert. 17. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 16, wherein the second ballasted footer comprises a second ferrule loop insert and the first and second ferrule loop inserts are electrically wire bonded. 18. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the array comprises conduits positioned between the module and the first ballasted footer. 19. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the first rail comprises galvanized steel. 20. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the first rail comprises: a rectangular top plate having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge; a first side wall extending from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a second side wall extending from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a first base plate extending from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall; and a second base plate extending from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. 21. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein a second rail of the plurality of rails is attached to a top surface of the other of the third and fourth mounting posts. 22. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the base, first mounting post, and second mounting post form a one-piece integral unit. 23. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first ballasted footer has a rectangular shape with the longitudinal extent and a width, wherein the longitudinal extent is longer than the width. 24. A rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a plurality of ballasted footers configured into rows and columns of ballasted footers, wherein each ballasted footer comprises a base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the second end of the base; and a photovoltaic module mounting framework comprising a plurality of rails, at least one rail being attached to a top surface of at least one of the first and second mounting posts of at least two ballasted footers of the plurality of ballasted footers. 25. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 24, wherein the ballasted footers are configured in rows and columns in a staggered formation such that the first mounting post of a first ballasted footer of a first column supports a first rail of the plurality of rails and the second mounting post of a second ballasted footer in an adjacent second column supports the first rail of the plurality of rails. 26. A rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a ballasted footer comprising a base having a longitudinal extent, a first end, and a second end, a first mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post extending upwardly from the base adjacent to the second end, opposite the first end, of the base; a photovoltaic module mounting framework comprising a plurality of rails, at least one of said rails being attached to a top surface of one of the first or second mounting posts of the ballasted footer at least one adder block positioned adjacent to the ballasted footer to provide additional ballast to the ballasted footer. 