Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic power system comprising: a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic modules and a positive array terminal and negative array terminal to conduct the current produced by the photovoltaic array; a combiner box; a DC to AC inverter; a positive conductor electrically connecting a positive inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the positive array terminal; a negative conductor electrically connecting a negative inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the negative array terminal; and a first positive-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the positive conductor at the combiner box; a first negative-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the negative conductor at the combiner box; a second positive-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the positive conductor at the inverter; and a second negative-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the negative conductor at the inverter. 2. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch connecting the first positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor is the same switch connecting the first negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor. 3. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein at least one switch comprises an electromechanical device. 4. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein at least one switch comprises a semiconductor device. 5. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein at least one switch comprises a manually activated switch. 6. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein at least one switch comprises a remotely activated switch. 7. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein at least one switch comprises an automatically activated switch. 8. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch connecting the second positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor is the same switch connecting the second negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor. 9. A photovoltaic power system comprising: a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic modules and a positive array terminal and negative array terminal to conduct the current produced by the photovoltaic array; a DC to AC inverter; a positive conductor electrically connecting a positive inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the positive array terminal and a negative conductor electrically connecting a negative inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the negative array terminal, wherein the positive conductor comprises a positive combiner terminal located in a combiner box between the photovoltaic array and the inverter and the negative conductor comprises a negative combiner terminal located in the combiner box; and a positive-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the positive conductor and a negative-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the negative conductor, wherein the positive-conductor ground and negative-conductor ground are located between the photovoltaic array and the combiner box; and a second positive conductor ground switchably connected to the positive conductor and a second negative-conductor ground switchably connected to the negative conductor, at the combiner box. 10. The photovoltaic power system of claim 9, further comprising a third positive conductor ground switchably connected to the positive conductor and a third negative-conductor ground switchably connected to the negative conductor, at the inverter. 11. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic power system comprising: electrically connecting a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules to a DC to AC inverter and a combiner box to conduct the current produced by the photovoltaic array, comprising: electrically connecting a positive array terminal of the photovoltaic array to a positive combiner terminal of the combiner box and a positive inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter with a positive conductor, and electrically connecting a negative array terminal of the photovoltaic array to a negative combiner terminal of the combiner box and a negative inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter with a negative conductor; and electrically and switchably connecting a first positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor at the combiner box; electrically and switchably connecting a first negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor at the combiner box; electrically and switchably connecting a second positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor at the combiner box; and electrically and switchably connecting a second negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor at the combiner box. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of electrically and switchably connecting at least one of the first and second positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor comprises connecting a switch between the positive conductor and the positive-conductor ground, and wherein the step of electrically and switchably connecting at least one of the first and second negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor comprises connecting a switch between the negative conductor and the negative-conductor ground. 