Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays comprising: a first input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array; a second input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array; a first ground terminal; a second ground terminal; a control input; a contactor coupled to the control input that operates responsive to a control signal received at the control input, the contactor including: first, second, and third switches that are integrated into a single switching device so the second and third switches are open when the first switch is closed and the second and third switches are closed when the first switch is open; the first switch couples the first input to the second input when the first switch is closed a second switch couples the first input to the first ground terminal when the second switch is closed to couple the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to ground when the first switch is not coupling the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array; and a third switch couples the second input to the second ground terminal when the third switch is closed to couple the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array to ground when the first switch is not coupling the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, including: a first fuse coupled between the second switch and the first ground terminal, the second switch switchably couples the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the first fuse, wherein the first ground terminal is configured to couple to ground; and a second fuse coupled between the third switch and the second ground terminal, the third switch switchably couples the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array to the second fuse, wherein the second ground terminal is configured to couple to ground. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the first switch, second switch, and third switch are controllable by the control signal. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, including a feedback component coupled to the contactor, the feedback component enabling the status of the contactor to be determined. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the first switch, second switch, and the third switch are integrated into a single device so as to enable, responsive to the control signal, the first switch to close while simultaneously opening the second and third switches. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the single device is actuated by a contactor coil and the control signal includes power applied to the contactor coil. 7. An apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays comprising: means for receiving a control signal to couple a line of a first photovoltaic array to a line of a second photovoltaic array; means for coupling, responsive to the control signal, the line of the first photovoltaic array to the line of the second photovoltaic array so as to create a virtual ground at a connection between the line of the first photovoltaic array and the line of the second photovoltaic array; a first and second ground terminals, each of the first and second ground terminals adapted to be coupled to a ground potential; a first means for decoupling, responsive to the control signal to couple the line of the first photovoltaic array to the line of the second photovoltaic array, the line of the first photovoltaic array from the first ground terminal when the line of the first photovoltaic array is coupled to the line of the second photovoltaic array; a second means for decoupling, responsive to the control signal to couple the line of the first photovoltaic array to the line of the second photovoltaic array, the line of the second photovoltaic array from the second ground terminal when the line of the first photovoltaic array is coupled to the line of the second photovoltaic array; wherein the means for coupling the line of the first photovoltaic array to the line of the second photovoltaic array, the means for decoupling the line of the first photovoltaic array from the first ground terminal, the means for decoupling the line of the second photovoltaic array from the second ground terminal, and the means for receiving a control signal are integrated into a single switching device. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein: the first means for decoupling the line of the first photovoltaic array from the first ground terminal includes a first fuse so that the line of the first photovoltaic array is coupled to the first ground terminal via the first fuse when the line of the first photovoltaic array is decoupled from the line of the second photovoltaic array; and the second means for decoupling the line of the second photovoltaic array from the second ground terminal includes a second fuse so that the line of the second photovoltaic array is coupled to the second ground terminal via the second fuse when the line of the first photovoltaic array is decoupled from the line of the first photovoltaic array. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 including: means for providing status information to a remote controller, the status information include status information about corresponding operational states of the means for coupling the line of the first photovoltaic array to a line of the second photovoltaic array, the means for decoupling the line of the first photovoltaic array from the first ground terminal, and the means for decoupling the line of the second photovoltaic array from the second ground terminal. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the means for receiving a control signal includes a coil adapted receive an application of power and to actuate, responsive to the application of power, the means for coupling the line of the first photovoltaic array to the line of a second photovoltaic array, the means for decoupling the line of the first photovoltaic array from the first ground terminal, and the means for decoupling the line of the second photovoltaic array from the second ground terminal. 