Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a set screw for urging said one of said first or second turned in edges against said indent. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said second mounting block further comprises an arm extending parallel to said protruding shaft having a threaded hole for receipt of said set screw. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic solar panels are substantially rectangular wherein a plurality of said first mounting fixtures are affixed to a first edge thereof and a plurality of said second mounting fixtures are affixed to a second edge thereof. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said set screw further comprises an opening for receiving a tool for rotating said set screw for moving said protruding shaft within said second strut rail. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising a grounding strip configured to create a grounding path between said photovoltaic solar panel and at least one of said first and second strut rails. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said strut rails are further defined as comprising a series of apertures along their lengths. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising a plurality of first and second strut rails positioned end to end when installed upon said roof. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein a gap is provided between said plurality of adjacent first and second strut rails. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising an electrically conductive bridge spanning said gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising a series of standoffs for mounting said strut rails onto and spaced from said roof, each of said standoffs comprising a first end for penetrating said roof and a second end for releaseably capturing a strut rail. 