Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus for power conversion comprising: a plurality of power conversion modules, wherein each power conversion module in the plurality of power conversion modules has a phase rotation circuit coupled to a DC/AC inverter for converting DC input power to AC output power, wherein (i) a first phase rotation circuit has first three phase output terminals coupled to second three phase input terminals of a second phase rotation circuit; (ii) the second phase rotation circuit has second three phase output terminals coupled to third three phase input terminals of a third phase rotation circuit; and (iii) the third phase rotation circuit has third three phase output terminals coupled to either fourth three phase input terminals of a fourth phase rotation circuit or to a commercial power grid, and wherein each power conversion module of the plurality of power conversion modules is adapted to be coupled proximate a different photovoltaic (PV) module of a plurality of PV modules. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein, for each power conversion module in the plurality of power conversion modules, the DC/AC inverter is coupled to at least one of a first, a second, or a third conductor of the phase rotation circuit, wherein the first, the second, and the third conductors couple three phase input terminals of the phase rotation circuit to three phase output terminals of the phase rotation circuit. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising the plurality of PV modules, wherein each PV module in the plurality of PV modules is coupled to a different DC/AC inverter of the plurality of power conversion modules for providing the DC input power. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a total number of power conversion modules in the plurality of power conversion modules is a multiple of three. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the third phase rotation circuit is coupled to the commercial power grid via a three-phase circuit breaker. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the third phase rotation circuit outputs a substantially balanced three-phase AC power. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the DC/AC inverter generates a single phase of AC power. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the DC/AC inverter generates two phases of AC power. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each power conversion module is a micro-inverter. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the plurality of PV modules, wherein each DC/AC inverter in the plurality of power conversion modules is coupled to two or more PV modules of the plurality of PV modules. 