Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for managing energy performance comprising: a renewable energy meter for coupling to an output of a renewable energy generator of a facility, wherein the renewable energy meter is for monitoring generation of renewable energy by the renewable energy generator and for supplying, in real time, renewable energy data representative of the generation of renewable energy, wherein the renewable meter includes a first communications module; a facility energy meter for coupling to an export energy conveying medium, an import energy conveying medium and a consumption energy conveying medium, wherein the facility energy meter is for monitoring (i) export of the renewable energy generated by the renewable energy generator from the facility on the export medium; (ii) import of energy to the facility on the import medium; and (iii) energy conveyed on the consumption medium for consumption at the facility; wherein the facility energy meter is for supplying, in real time, (i) exported energy data representative of the energy exported from the facility; (ii) imported energy data representative of the energy imported to the facility; and (iii) consumed energy data representative of the energy consumed at the facility, wherein the facility meter includes a second communications module; an energy management module for communicatively coupling to the first and second communications modules and for obtaining, in real time, the renewable energy data from the renewable energy meter and the imported, exported and consumed energy data from the facility energy meter, wherein the management module, in real time, processes the obtained energy data for determining energy performance data for the facility, wherein the energy performance data indicates whether at least a portion of the renewable energy generated by the renewable energy meter is being exported from the facility; and wherein the management module, in real time, controls display on a display screen of indicia indicating renewable energy is being exported from the facility when the energy performance data indicates that at least a portion of the renewable energy generated by the renewable energy meter is being exported from the facility. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the management module, in real time, transmits display data indicating the indicia over a communications network in response to a request for the display data. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data and the consumed energy data are time correlated. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the management module transmits, to at least one of the renewable meter and the facility meter, a request for transmission from the at least one meter to the management module of the supplied energy data for a predetermined time. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the management module controls display of indicia representative of whether energy is being exported from, or imported to, the facility at a predetermined time. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the management module controls display of at least one of an instantaneous renewable energy generation value, an instantaneous imported energy value, an instantaneous exported energy value and an instantaneous consumed energy value. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an environmental conditions monitor for monitoring, in real time, at least one of an environmental condition in an interior of the facility and an environmental condition exterior to the facility, wherein the environmental monitor is for supplying, in real time, environmental conditions data representative of the monitored environmental conditions, and wherein the environmental monitor includes a third communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the third communications module and for obtaining, in real time, the environmental conditions data from the environmental monitor. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data, the consumed energy data and the environmental conditions data are time correlated, wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to at least one of the renewable energy generator and an energy consumption device in the facility, wherein the management module, in real time, generates and transmits to an operations control module, coupled to at least one of the energy generator and the energy consumption device, demand response data determined based on the energy performance data. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the management module controls display of a performance indicator on the display screen. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an operations monitor for monitoring, in real time, at least one of an operations condition in an interior of the facility and an operations condition exterior to the facility, wherein the operations monitor is for supplying, in real time, operations data representative of the monitored operations conditions, and wherein the operations monitor includes a third communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the third communications module and for obtaining, in real time, the operations condition data from the operations monitor. 11. The system of claim 7 further comprising: an operations monitor for monitoring, in real time, at least one of an operations condition in an interior of the facility and an operations condition exterior to the facility, wherein the operations monitor is for supplying, in real time, operations data representative of the monitored operations conditions, and wherein the operations monitor includes a fourth communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the fourth communications module and for obtaining, in real time, the operations conditions data from the operations monitor. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data, the consumed energy data, the environmental conditions data and the operations data are time correlated, wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to a regulator of an operations device in the facility monitored by the operations monitor and for supplying to the regulator, in real time, demand response data determined based on the energy performance data. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the demand response data includes data for controlling an operational component of the device. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy generator includes at least one of a solar panel and wind turbine. 15. The system of claim 1, where the facility includes a plurality of facilities. 16. A system for certifying energy performance comprising: a renewable energy meter having communications capabilities and for coupling to an output of a renewable energy generator of a facility, wherein the renewable energy meter is for monitoring generation of renewable energy by the renewable energy generator and for supplying, in real time, renewable energy data representative of the generation of renewable energy; a facility energy meter having communication capabilities and for coupling to an export energy conveying medium, an import energy conveying medium and a consumption energy conveying medium, wherein the facility energy meter is for monitoring (i) export of the renewable energy generated by the renewable energy generator from the facility on the export medium; (ii) import of energy to the facility on the import medium; and (iii) energy conveyed on the consumption medium for consumption at the facility; wherein the facility energy meter is for supplying, in real time, (i) exported energy data representative of the energy exported from the facility; (ii) imported energy data representative of the energy imported to the facility; and (iii) consumed energy data representative of the energy consumed at the facility; an energy management module for communicatively coupling to the renewable energy meter and the facility energy meter and for obtaining, in real time, the renewable energy data from the renewable energy meter and the imported, exported and consumed energy data from the facility energy meter, wherein the management module, in real time, processes the obtained energy data for determining certified energy performance data for the facility, wherein the management module, in real time, controls, based on the certified performance data, display on a display screen of an indication of (i) a difference between expected and actual renewable energy generated by the renewable energy generator for the facility; (ii) a difference between expected and actual consumption of energy at the facility; and (iii) a difference between expected and actual imported energy at the facility, wherein the performance data is for a predetermined time interval. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data and the consumed energy data are time correlated. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the management module, in real time, transmits the certified data to a remote communications device. 19. A method for diagnosing energy performance operation for a facility comprising: monitoring generation of renewable energy by a renewable energy generator of the facility and supplying, in real time, energy data representative of the monitored, generated renewable energy; and monitoring operation conditions of and environmental conditions at the renewable energy generator and supplying, in real time, monitoring data representative of the monitored operation and environmental conditions, the monitoring data being time correlated with the energy data; communicating the supplied energy and monitoring data, in real time, to a data processing device, wherein the processing device, in real time, determines energy performance results for the renewable energy generator, based on the energy data, the monitoring data and data representative of expected energy performance operation of the renewable energy generator; and providing, by a processor, for adaptive control of the renewable energy generator of the facility, in real time, based on the energy performance results, to modify generation of renewable energy by the renewable energy generator. 