Claims What is claimed as invention is: 1. A photovoltaic array comprising: a first, second, third, and fourth photovoltaic module each comprising two or more frame members mechanically connected to a photovoltaic laminate; and a series-parallel coupling member adapted to engage with at least one of said frame members from each of said photovoltaic modules near the corners of said modules to interlock a first frame member of said first photovoltaic module with a first frame member of said second photovoltaic module in parallel, a first frame member of said third photovoltaic module with a first frame member of said fourth photovoltaic module in parallel, said first frame member of said first photovoltaic module with said first frame member of said third photovoltaic module in series, and said first frame member of said second photovoltaic module with said first frame member of said fourth photovoltaic module in series, wherein said series-parallel coupling member is adapted to cut into at least a portion of a surface of at least four of said frame members to provide a ground bond between said series-parallel coupling member and said photovoltaic modules. 2. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said series-parallel coupling member further comprises a bracket portion. 3. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said frame members each comprise an outside surface and a groove along a substantial portion of said outside surface. 4. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said series-parallel coupling member is adapted to adjust for substantially small dimensional variations between said photovoltaic modules. 5. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein at least two of said photovoltaic modules are adapted to receive said series-parallel coupling member after being placed in their substantially final positions on the roof. 6. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic modules are adapted to operate in a first mode and a second mode, all of said photovoltaic modules being substantially securely attached to a support structure in said first mode and said series-parallel coupling member being substantially disengaged from said array in said second mode. 