Description CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION This application claims priority of European Patent Application EP 08014666.5 filed Aug. 19, 2008. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The invention relates to a method as set forth in the preamble of claim 1. This method can be used in particular to measure the current through a ground-fault fuse and/or a grounding connection element of a grounding apparatus of an inverter which is intended to feed the output of a direct voltage source into an alternating voltage mains. The invention further relates to a circuit arrangement for carrying out said method. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION What are referred to as shunt resistors are known for current measurement, said shunt resistors having narrow tolerated and temperature stable resistance values. The measurement current flows through these shunt resistors so that a voltage, which is proportional to the current, can be measured at the resistance. This voltage can be fed to the evaluation unit, e.g., a microcontroller, through an amplifier of the evaluation unit. In order to keep the ohmic losses in the shunt resistor low, the resistance value of shunt resistors is kept very low, in particular below 1 ohm. As a result, the voltage at the shunt resistor is also low, e.g., some mV. This low measurement voltage becomes a problem if the current measurement occurs at a potential that differs significantly e.g., by more than 50 V, from that of the evaluation unit. In this case, simple differential amplifiers have a common mode fault that would strongly falsify the measurement voltage. As a result, expensive special component parts, e.g., what are referred to as instrumentation amplifiers, must be utilized. Instrumentation amplifiers may be obviated if the measurement current does not flow directly through the shunt resistor but instead through a current transformer so that the shunt can be set to the potential of the evaluation unit. This solution however is only possible for pure alternating currents. If direct currents are also to be measured, current converters are often utilized, which evaluate the magnetic field generated by the measurement current, e.g., with a Hall sensor. Such type current converters are very expensive. It is known to let a current, which is proportional to the measurement current, flow from the point of measurement to the point of evaluation, e.g., to the processor. Integrated circuits for measuring the current, which work according to this principle, are available. Generally, these circuits however can only measure one current direction so that two ICs are needed to measure currents the algebraic sign of which is unknown. This measurement electronics moreover needs a current supply at the potential of the point of measurement, which may however be considerably different from the potential at the point of evaluation. As a result, measurement is difficult. On photovoltaic inverters in photovoltaic power systems with photovoltaic generators, an additional short-to-ground may occur in the event of a fault. In case of such a short-to-ground, a current flows through the grounding apparatus. This current must be detected if one wants to eliminate this short-to-ground condition. A known method consists in measuring the current via a current converter. These converters are expensive though. Moreover, they comprise quite high an offset that leads to measurement problems. On photovoltaic power systems, one also encounters the problem that the generator may be grounded e.g., at the positive pole whilst the processor or the signalling control system (SCS) of the inverter are connected to the negative pole of the generator. As a result, the potential of the point of evaluation may differ significantly, e.g., by some 100 volt, from the potential of the point at which the grounding current is measured. Another difficulty is that there are different photovoltaic modules which require different grounding variants for best operation. On some commercially available modules, it is advisable to ground the generator at the positive pole whilst on others it is provided to ground the generator at the negative pole. A current to be measured can thus flow at two different points of a power system. This problem has been solved hitherto by the fact that a separate measurement channel, for example of a microprocessor, is provided for each point. As a result, it is necessary to constantly sample several channels if it is not known at which point a current flows. It is also known to measure an insulation resistance R.sub.iso on ungrounded photovoltaic power systems. Such a method is known from DE 10 2006 022 686 A1 for example. The document EP 1 857 825 A describes a measurement arrangement for a photovoltaic power system with an inverter. In order to determine an insulation resistance R.sub.iso, one uses two resistors Rs and two switches. If one of the switches is closed, the voltage is measured above the respective resistor Rs. A grounding current flows through the insulation resistance R.sub.iso. In order to measure insulation faults both between the positive pole and ground and between the negative pole and ground, which may occur at the same time, a resistor, i.e., two resistors in all, are utilized at different points. The principle of a current mirror circuit is also known. A current mirror circuit is known from FR 2 856 856 A. It serves for a measurement method for a battery charger. The document GB 2 272 300 A teaches to utilize one single shunt with a current mirror circuit incorporating two transistors. This circuit serves to measure a small voltage drop in the event of a much higher supply voltage. Another current mirror circuit is known from the document WO 03/052433 A, said circuit also being provided with one single shunt. The circuit is intended to comprise an offset setting means that is provided for imposing an offset of the output voltage. Another mirror circuit is shown and described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,498,984 A. This circuit has an operational amplifier and a shunt. In this solution, a current may flow on either side when the voltage is supplied by a battery. A current mirror circuit is also known from DE 198 44 465 A. Therein it is defined that a current mirror circuit consists of a reference branch with a semiconductor and of a mirror branch. The document JP 11160368 also discloses a mirror circuit with semiconductors. A current mirror circuit for measuring a grounding fault on an amplifier is known from JP 56 006508 A. The circuit incorporates four transistors and two shunts at different points. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is the object of the invention to allow for a simple and low-cost measurement of a current even if the point of measurement is at a potential that significantly differs from the potential of the point of evaluation. More specifically, a method of the type mentioned is looked for by means of which a grounding current can be measured at little expense in photovoltaic power systems. This object is achieved by the features of claim 1. Transistors the emitter terminals of which are respectively connected to the terminals of the shunt, either directly or via the same resistors, are preferably utilized as semiconductors. Since the base terminals--as they are usual in current mirrors--are joined together, a voltage drop at the shunt directly leads to different voltages at the base emitter paths or at the emitter resistors and as a result thereof to an asymmetry in the current mirror. The invention relies on the observation that the actually known principle of the current mirror is ideal for measuring a current at a potential that significantly differs from the potential of the evaluation unit and that it offers surprising advantages. As a result, it is also particularly well suited for measuring the grounding current in photovoltaic power systems. A simple measurement of a current in two directions at a potential, which significantly differs from that of the point of evaluation, is possible thanks to the invention, without having to provide an operating voltage at the potential of the point of measurement. According to the invention, a current can be measured that can flow alternatively at two points without having to switch a measurement channel of an evaluation unit. This is very advantageous if a photovoltaic power system is equipped optionally with a positive pole grounding or with negative pole grounding. This is made possible by having two of the arrangements described, which consist of the current mirror and the shunt, connected against each other, i.e., that they are connected together at the collector terminals of the transistors and that the measurement signal is tapped at this point. Thanks to a developed implementation of the invention it is possible to determine the insulation condition of an electric plant or of an apparatus at little expense. On the one side, the current can be measured above the grounding apparatus, such as a fuse, on grounding power systems or equipment and on the other side, the insulation resistance can be determined on ungrounded power systems or equipments. For this purpose, the circuit of the invention is extended in such a manner that it allows for a measurement according to the principle of the document DE 10 2006 022 686 A1. Accordingly, and in accordance with the invention, the object is achieved in that two shunt resistors are used, through which the measurement current flows. The voltage drop at the shunt puts a current mirror, for example with emitter resistors, out of tune so that said current mirror exhibits an asymmetry. This asymmetry is proportional to the measurement current and can be evaluated at the potential of an evaluation unit, in particular of the signalling and control system of an inverter, such as with an operational amplifier circuit. Since the two semiconductor elements, in particular transistors, are subjected to bias voltage, the voltage drop at the shunt can be significantly lower than the base emitter voltage of the transistors. Since temperature changes have the same effect on both transistors, because they are preferably thermally coupled, the asymmetry is preserved so that the circuit is very stable with respect to temperature. If one wants to measure a current alternatively at two different potentials, two of the current mirror circuits can be combined by connecting the two current mirrors against each other. The evaluation may for example occur via an operational amplifier circuit if the asymmetry is decoupled via two transistors with an anti-parallel base emitter path. On equipment or power systems, which may be operated optionally grounded or ungrounded, one may use a developed implementation of the circuit used with the two shunts, either to measure the ground current or the insulation. The current mirror may be advantageously used as the current source to measure the insulation or the resistance R.sub.iso. The invention relies on the idea to provide a measurement arrangement for determining a current flowing at a potential that differs strongly, i.e., by more than 50 volt, from the potential of the point of evaluation, said measurement current being led through the shunt the two terminals of which are connected respectively, directly or through the same resistors, to the emitter terminal or the source terminal of two transistors, the two base or gate terminals being connected together and to a suited bias voltage, so that the difference between the two collector or drain currents are determined at the potential of the evaluation unit. A particular advantage is obtained if the measurement array can be utilized at little additional expense also for determining an insulation resistor of a power generating system or of an equipment connectable therewith, in particular of an inverter. Such a measurement permits to detect insulation faults in time. Optimally, the method of the invention is utilized if the potential of the point of measurement is different from the potential of the point of evaluation. In practice, some 100 volt difference may exist, e.g., if a grounding current is measured at the positive pole of a photovoltaic generator, whilst the evaluation electronics has a potential reference to the negative pole of the generator. The method is already of benefit if the potential of the point of measurement differs from a potential of the point of evaluation by at least 50 volt. The principle of the current mirror is utilized for the invention. For the collector or drain current of two transistors is the same if their base or gate terminals are connected and if the emitter or source terminals are connected to ground either directly or via the same resistors and if the two transistors are thermally coupled. Such a principle has proved efficient for example to suppress common mode operation on operational amplifiers. For current measurement, a shunt is practically inserted into the current mirror, i.e., the two terminals of the shunt are connected to an emitter or source terminal of a transistor via the same resistor, the two base or gate terminals of the transistors being joined together and connected to a bias voltage, a difference between the collector or drain currents being determined. It is advantageous if the difference between the collector or drain currents is determined at the potential of an evaluation unit. E.g., the grounding current can be determined on a positive-pole grounded photovoltaic generator by inserting a shunt with the described measurement device into the positive line, whilst the collector or drain terminals are connected to the negative line through resistors. If the value of these resistors is chosen such that the collector or drain currents impress therein voltages, which are substantially lower than the generator voltage and are rather in the measurement range of an evaluation unit such as a microprocessor, the measurement information has been transferred from one potential to another in an elegant way without the need for a magnetic current converter, optocoupler or the like. If the measurement current is a grounding current of a photovoltaic plant with optional positive or negative pole grounding, the invention can be used with two current mirrors connected against each other with the measurement current being allowed to flow alternatively at two different points. Through an evaluation via an operational amplifier, a high measurement sensitivity can be achieved so that very small short-to-ground currents can be measured. Other advantageous implementations of the invention are recited in the dependent claims. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS An exemplary embodiment will be explained in closer detail with respect to the drawings, other advantageous developed implementations of the invention and advantages thereof being described. In said drawing: FIG. 1 shows a photovoltaic plant; FIG. 2a shows a circuit according to the principle of a current mirror, FIG. 2b shows the circuit shown in FIG. 2a, but with emitter resistors, FIG. 3 shows an operational amplifier circuit with a measurement shunt, FIG. 4a shows a circuit for current measurement, FIG. 4b shows an extension of the circuit shown in FIG. 4a with an operational amplifier circuit, FIG. 5a shows a circuit of the invention as shown in FIG. 4a, but for alternative measurement of two currents I1 or I2 which flow at two different potentials, FIG. 5b shows an extension of the circuit shown in FIG. 5a with an operational amplifier circuit and FIG. 6 shows an extension of the circuit shown in FIG. 5b for use in a photovoltaic power system with the additional possibility of measuring an insulation resistor. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS FIG. 1 shows an inverter WR for feeding an output of a direct voltage source, in particular of a photovoltaic generator PVG, into an alternating voltage mains N. The photovoltaic generator PVG incorporates photovoltaic modules made from amorphous or crystalline cells. These modules may require positive pole or negative pole grounding of the photovoltaic generator. In the example shown, the generator is associated to ground with its negative pole. The alternating voltage mains N can be a power supply grid or an isolated network. The inverter is connected to ground through a grounding device EV. As outlined by the dashed line in FIG. 1, an additional short-to-ground may exist at the negative pole of the generator PVG. As a result, a current I can flow from the additional short-to-ground through ground to the grounding apparatus EV. This current flows through the grounding apparatus EV. This is the current to be measured, this being illustrated schematically by a current meter. Grounding must not occur through the inverter WR. Another grounding point may also exist. The following method serves to measure the current I flowing through the short-to-ground fuse element of the grounding device EV and the grounding connection element in the grounded inverter for feeding the output of the generator PVG into the mains N. FIG. 2a serves to illustrate a principle of a current mirror. A pair of energizable semiconductor elements, in particular transistors T1, T2 are connected together at their base, both transistors T1, T2 being of the same type and thermally coupled. Thus, both receive the same control signal. Each emitter terminal has the same potential. The same collector current I1=I2 flows in both transistors. As shown in FIG. 2b, this also applies if a resistor R of the same value is connected in series to a respective one of the transistors, here e.g., two npn transistors. This circuit is always symmetrical. With an operational amplifier OP and a shunt R1, a current flowing through the shunt R1 can be measured in principle at a current meter, as shown in FIG. 3. The resistor R2 is connected in series with the transistor. The following applies: I1.times.R1=I2.times.R1. The current I2 flowing through the transistor is proportional to the current I1. The following applies: I2=I1 (R1/R2). The disadvantage of this known circuit is that such a circuit must be built for each current direction. This measurement electronics additionally needs a current supply at the potential of the point of measurement. Hence, measurement is performed with the circuit of the invention as shown in image 4a, in which the measurement current impresses a voltage in a shunt Rs, thus causing an asymmetry in a current mirror as shown in FIG. 2a or 2b. The measurement circuit incorporates two transistors T1, T2, here e.g., two pnp-transistors with two resistors R1=R2 connected between emitter and shunt. A resistor R3=R4 is connected to each collector. A current meter is interposed between the two collector resistors R3, R4. To generate a bias voltage for the current mirror, a zener diode Z and a fifth resistor R5 are used. The measurement method relies on the fact that the measurement current is led through the shunt Rs in order to cause an asymmetry in a current mirror as illustrated in FIG. 4a, with at least two energizable semiconductor component parts T1, T2 connected to the shunt Rs so that a voltage difference occurs at the semiconductor component parts T1, T2 or at their collector resistors, the magnitude of which is proportional to the measurement current I1. FIG. 4b shows an extension of the circuit shown in FIG. 4a in which the asymmetry is evaluated with the help of an operational amplifier circuit. A collector is hereby directly connected to the inverting operational amplifier input (-) whilst the other collector is connected to the non-inverting operational amplifier input (+). The operational amplifier is counter-coupled via the resistor R3 so that it works as the differential amplifier for the two collector currents of the current mirror. The output voltage applied at the operational amplifier OP is proportional to the current I1 and can be evaluated directly through an evaluation unit, in particular a microcontroller. FIG. 5a shows the principle of an alternative current measurement of the invention at two different potentials. Basically, two of the current mirror circuits are combined by connecting the two current mirrors against each other. In all, the circuit incorporates four transistors T1 through T4. The upper pnp transistors T1, T2 form a first pair of transistors to which a first shunt Rs1 is associated at a current path with I1. The lower pnp-transistors T3, T4 form a second pair of transistors to which a second shunt Rs2 is associated at the other current path with I2. To generate the bias voltage, the bases of the two lower transistors T3, T4 are connected together and to the anode of a second Z diode Z2 the cathode of which is connected through the same resistors to the collectors of the transistors T3 and T4. The first zener diode Z1 is connected analogous to FIG. 4a. As shown in FIG. 5b, an evaluation may also occur through an operational amplifier circuit. The operational amplifier inputs are connected to the measurement circuit through additional transistors T5 and T6 or through transistor circuits, as shown therein. The circuit shown in FIG. 6 permits to additionally measure an insulation resistor of the power generation system or of an apparatus connectable therewith or of the inverter WR. The power system is either grounded through the grounding device GS1 at the positive pole or through the grounding device GS2 at the negative pole or it is operated in an ungrounded condition. The grounding apparatus are shown as fuses by way of example, as often used. In the case of positive pole grounding, the grounding current corresponds to the current I1 and is sensed through the current mirror from T1 and T2. In case of negative pole grounding, the grounding current corresponds to the current I2 and is sensed through the current mirror from T3 and T4. If the power system is operated in an ungrounded condition the insulation resistance can be determined by means of the circuit. In a known way, two switches, preferably relay switches S1, S2 serve to perform several measurements in order to determine the resistance R.sub.iso at any point in the event of shorts-to-ground. Such a method is known from DE 10 2006 022 686 A1 and needs not be discussed in closer detail. The current mirror is here used as the current source for the insulation measurement or for the measurement of the resistor R.sub.iso. Since, just like the currents I1 and I2, the currents through the switches S1 and S2 cause an asymmetry in the current mirrors, they may be determined through the operational amplifier or through an evaluation unit connected thereto. The circuit shown in FIG. 6 makes it possible to sense a grounding current optionally at the positive or at the negative pole as well as to determine the insulation resistance with only one measurement channel. * * * * *