Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for mounting equipment to a roof, comprising: a base plate including a bottom surface and an upper surface; the bottom surface including a portion forming a counterbore; the upper surface including a projection forming an upwardly projected portion with a non-threaded aperture extending through the counterbore, the projection including a threaded outer circumference and a top surface, and the upper surface further including an outer surface having a groove circumscribing the projection; a first compressible annular seal; a second compressible annular seal; the groove receives and seats the first compressible annular seal; the counterbore receives and seats the second compressible annular seal; the projection configured to receive a threaded fastener, a portion of which passes through the aperture and secures the base plate to the roof, the projection further sized and shaped to seat a head portion of the fastener against the top surface of the projection; a cover piece including a bottom portion forming an inner threaded cavity, the cover piece configured to receive and hold the projection, cover the fastener, and compress the first annular seal; and the apparatus configured to provide direct contact between a portion of the bottom surface of the base plate and a top surface of the roof. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the cover piece is a standoff, the standoff including a top surface with a second aperture configured to receive a second threaded fastener. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further including: an L-bracket including a lower portion with an opening sized and shaped to secure the L-bracket to the top surface of the standoff with the second threaded fastener. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the L-bracket includes an upper portion with an second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to a slotted rail. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, further including: a slotted rail; the L-bracket including an upper portion with a second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to the slotted rail; and a solar photovoltaic panel mounted to the slotted rail. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further including: an L-bracket with a lower portion including a top surface, a bottom surface, and first opening sized and shaped to receive the upwardly projected portion; the cover piece including a bottom surface circumscribing the inner threaded cavity; and the cover piece, L-bracket, and base plate in combination configured to secure a portion of the bottom surface of the cover piece against the top surface of the L-bracket, and compress the first annular seal against the bottom surface of the L-bracket. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the L-bracket includes an upper portion with an second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to a slotted rail. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further including: a slotted rail; the L-bracket including an upper portion with a second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to the slotted rail; and a solar photovoltaic panel mounted to the slotted rail. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the base plate is configured as an L-bracket with an upper bracket portion and a lower bracket portion; and the lower bracket portion includes the upwardly projected portion, the groove, and the counterbore. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein: the upper bracket portion is configured to receive a threaded fastener for securing a slotted rail. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, further including: a slotted rail; the upper bracket portion is configured to receive a threaded fastener for securing the slotted rail; and a solar photovoltaic panel mounted to the slotted rail. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, further including: a standoff separate from the cover piece; and the standoff including a top surface with a second aperture configured to receive a second threaded fastener. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the standoff is integrated into the base plate. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 further including: an L-bracket including a lower portion with an opening sized and shaped to secure the L-bracket to the top surface of the standoff with the second threaded fastener. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the L-bracket includes an upper portion with a second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to a slotted rail. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further including: a slotted rail; the L-bracket including an upper portion with a second opening sized and shaped to receive a third fastener for securing the L-bracket to the slotted rail; and a solar photovoltaic panel mounted to the slotted rail. 