Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar generator distributively performing maximum power point tracking (MPPT), comprising: a plurality of solar cell modules formed by electrically connecting multiple solar cells, each of the solar cells comprising: two DC power output terminals; a substrate; a microelectronic semiconductor layer formed on the substrate to constitute an MPPT unit, wherein the MPPT unit has two power output terminals and two power input terminals connected with the two DC power output terminals; a lower electrode formed on the microelectronic semiconductor layer and electrically connected with one power input terminal of the MPPT unit; an optoelectronic semiconductor layer formed on the lower electrode, and having a top layer and a bottom layer abutting the lower electrode and electrically connected therewith; an anti-reflection film formed on the top layer of the optoelectronic semiconductor layer; and an upper electrode formed on the anti-reflection film, electrically connected with the top layer of the optoelectronic semiconductor layer, and electrically connected with the other power input terminal of the MPPT unit; and a power conversion and transmission unit electrically connected with two power output terminals of the solar cell module. 2. The solar generator as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of the solar cells further comprises a capacitor electrically connected across the two power output terminals of the corresponding MPPT unit and electrically connected with other solar cells. 3. The solar generator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is a DC to DC converter. 4. The solar generator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is a DC to AC converter. 5. The solar generator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is an inverter. 6. The solar generator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar cells are electrically connected by one of series connection, parallel connection and series-parallel connection. 7. The solar generator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is a DC to DC converter. 8. The solar generator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is a DC to AC converter. 9. The solar generator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power conversion and transmission unit is an inverter. 10. The solar generator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar cells are electrically connected by one of series connection, parallel connection and series-parallel connection. 11. A solar cell, comprising: a substrate; a microelectronic semiconductor layer formed on the substrate to constitute an MPPT unit having two power input terminals and two power output terminals; a lower electrode formed on the microelectronic semiconductor layer and electrically connected with one power input terminal of the MPPT unit; an optoelectronic semiconductor layer formed on the lower electrode, and having a top layer and a bottom layer abutting the lower electrode and electrically connected therewith; an anti-reflection film formed on the top layer of the optoelectronic semiconductor layer; and an upper electrode formed on the anti-reflection film, electrically connected with the top layer of the optoelectronic semiconductor layer, and electrically connected with the other power input terminal of the MPPT unit. 12. The solar cell as claimed in claim 11, wherein the microelectronic semiconductor layer further comprises a capacitor formed thereon and electrically connected across the two power output terminals of the MPPT unit. 