Claims What is claimed: 1. A system comprising: a branch circuit monitor module configured to be installed as part of a branch circuit, the branch circuit comprising a circuit breaker and a power receptacle and having safe operating ranges for current and voltage carried by the branch circuit, the branch circuit monitor module measuring data representative of one or more of voltage, current, and current flow direction in the branch circuit between the circuit breaker and the power receptacle and outputting the data; and a communications and control module that receives the data and, in response, presents control commands to a local power source, the control commands causing the local power source to modify its power output such that the branch circuit stays within the safe operating ranges. 2. The system as in claim 1, further comprising a network interface circuit for installation in the local power source, the network interface circuit receiving and implementing the control commands. 3. The system as in claim 2, further comprising network cables to carry signals between the network interface circuit and the communications and control module. 4. The system as in claim 2, wherein the branch circuit monitor module further comprises a first wireless transceiver via which it outputs the data, and the communications and control module further comprises a second wireless transceiver via which it receives the data. 5. The system as in claim 2, wherein the branch circuit monitor module outputs the data over the branch circuit using a communications over power lines protocol. 6. The system as in claim 1, further comprising a master inverter that comprises the communications and control module and that further comprises a DC-to-AC circuit that converts DC power received by the master inverter to AC power output by the master inverter. 7. The system as in claim 1, wherein the branch circuit monitor module comprises a clamshell device that is installed over an exterior insulation of a hot lead of the branch circuit without requiring disconnection of the branch circuit. 8. The system as in claim 1, wherein the circuit breaker comprises an intelligent circuit breaker that comprises the branch circuit monitor module. 9. The system as in claim 1, wherein the local power source comprises a solar panel that provides DC electrical power to an inverter that converts the DC electrical power to AC electrical power. 10. The system as in claim 1, wherein the communications and control module receives an output of alternating current electrical power from the local power source via an electrical wire, the system further comprising an electrical connector that carries electrical power from the communications and control module to the branch circuit, the connector comprising a plug that is compatible with and that plugs in to the power receptacle and a connection to the power receptacle that requires a tool to attach and detach. 11. The system as in claim 10, wherein the local power source comprises a solar panel that provides DC electrical power to an inverter that converts the DC electrical power to the output of alternating current electrical power. 12. The system as in claim 11, wherein the connector comprises a plug that is compatible with and that plugs in to the power receptacle and a connection to the power receptacle that requires a tool to attach and detach. 13. The system as in claim 10, further comprising an electrical connector that carries electrical power from the communications and control module to the branch circuit. 14. A system comprising: a branch circuit comprising a circuit breaker and a power receptacle and having safe operating ranges for current and voltage carried by the branch circuit; a branch circuit monitor module installed on the branch circuit, the branch circuit monitor module measuring data representative of one or more of voltage, current, and current flow direction in the branch circuit between the circuit breaker and the power receptacle and outputting the data; a local power source comprising a network interface circuit and generating an output of alternating current electrical power; and a communications and control module that receives the data and the output of alternating current electrical power, the communications and control module presenting control commands to the network interface circuit in response to the data, the control commands causing the local power source to modify its power output such that the branch circuit stays within the safe operating ranges. 15. A system comprising: a solar panel that produces direct current electrical power when exposed to solar radiation; a solar inverter that receives the direct current electrical power, the solar inverter comprising a DC-to-AC circuit that converts the direct current electrical power to alternating current electrical power, and further comprising a network interface circuit; a branch circuit monitor module that installs on a branch circuit of a building electrical system, the branch circuit comprising a circuit breaker and a power receptacle and having safe operating ranges for current and voltage carried by the branch circuit, the branch circuit monitor module measuring data representative of one or more of voltage, current, and current flow direction in the branch circuit between the circuit breaker and the power receptacle and outputting the data; and a communications and control module that receives the data and also receives the alternating current electrical power from the solar inverter via an electrical wire, the communications and control module also comprising an electrical connector that connects to the power receptacle of the branch circuit, the communications and control module presenting control commands to the network interface circuit in response to the data, the control commands causing the local power source to modify its power output such that the branch circuit stays within the safe operating ranges. 16. A method comprising: receiving data at a communications and control module from a branch circuit monitor module installed on a branch circuit that comprises a circuit breaker and a power receptacle, the data representing one or more of voltage, current, and current flow direction in the branch circuit, a local power source being connected to the branch circuit at the power receptacle; and presenting control commands to a network interface circuit on the local power source in response to the data, the control commands causing the local power source to modify its power output such that the branch circuit stays within a safe operating range for the branch circuit. 17. The method as in claim 16, further comprising: detecting, at the communications and control module, that the local power source is ready to supply electrical power; establishing communications links between the communications and control module and the branch circuit monitor module and the local power source; and completing a power circuit in the communications and control module to connect the local power source to the branch circuit. 18. The method as in claim 16, wherein the circuit breaker comprises the branch circuit monitor module. 19. A method comprising: detecting, at a communications and control module, that a local power source is ready to supply electrical power, the electrical power source being connected to the communications and control module by an electrical wire, the communications and control module being connected to a branch circuit of a building at a power receptacle on the branch circuit, the branch circuit comprising the power receptacle and a circuit breaker in a breaker panel; establishing a first communications link between the communications and control module and a branch circuit monitor module that is installed on the branch circuit; establishing a second communications link between the communications and control module and the local power source; and completing a power circuit in the communications and control module to connect the local power source to the branch circuit, the completing occurring after the first and the second communications links are established. 20. The method as in claim 19, wherein the local power source comprises a network interface circuit that forms the second communications link with the communications and control module. 