Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of measuring a grounding current of a photovoltaic power system comprising a photovoltaic inverter, wherein a measurement current flows through two shunts disposed at different points, the measurement current being a current that may flow alternatively at two different points at different electric potentials, said method characterized in that the current flows at a potential that differs by at least 50 V from the potential of the point of evaluation, that the shunts are inserted in such a manner in a current mirror circuit that the voltage drop caused by the measurement in the shunts generates an asymmetry in the current mirror, the magnitude of which is proportional to the measurement current, and that the measurement current is the grounding current of the photovoltaic power system with optional positive or negative pole grounding. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that transistors are used as the semiconductor components in the current mirror and that, for measurement, the two terminals of the shunt are connected directly or through same resistors to an emitter or source terminal of the respective transistor, both base or gate terminals of the semiconductor component parts being joined together and connected to bias voltage, the difference between the collector or drain currents being determined. 3. The method as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the difference between the collector or source currents is determined at the potential of an evaluation unit. 4. The method as set forth in claim 3, characterized in that the two current mirrors are connected against each other and that an asymmetry is evaluated at the point at which the two current mirrors are connected against each other. 5. The method as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the two current mirrors each consist of a pair of transistors of the same polarity, that the emitter or source terminals of the transistors of a current mirror are respectively connected to the two terminals of the shunt, either directly or via same resistors, that a respective collector or drain terminal of the one current mirror is connected to a collector or drain terminal of the other current mirror, and that a differential current is determined between the two connection points and is evaluated by an evaluation unit. 6. The method as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the two connection points are connected by anti-parallel connected base emitter paths of two transistors the collector currents of which are evaluated by an evaluation unit. 7. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that an evaluation occurs through an operational amplifier. 8. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized by the use on photovoltaic inverters and/or photovoltaic power systems. 9. A circuit arrangement for carrying out the method as set forth in claim 1, with a shunt interposed between ground and an inverter for feeding an output of a direct voltage source into an alternating voltage mains, a semiconductor component part having a series-connected resistor being connected to a respective one of the terminals of this shunt, the voltage drop caused in the shunt through the measurement current generating an asymmetry in the current mirror, the magnitude of which is proportional to the measurement current. 10. The circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 9, characterized in that there are provided two switching elements which establish, directly or in series with a current-limiting element, a connection between ground and an emitter or source terminal of a respective one of the current mirrors, that an asymmetry is generated in one of the two current mirrors upon closure of one of the two switching elements, said asymmetry being evaluated by the evaluation unit and that the two switching elements are used to perform a measurement of an insulation resistance with the help of the evaluation unit. 11. The circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 9, characterized by at least one Zener diode that is connected at at least one base or gate terminal of a pair of semiconductor component parts of the current mirror circuit. 12. Use of a circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 11 in a photovoltaic power system for monitoring insulation and/or shorts-to-ground. 