Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel array for use in a solar cell power system, the solar panel array comprising: a number of solar panels configured in a plurality of strings; a number of sensors configured to measure an output of each of the solar panels; a plurality of inverters connected to solar panels in the solar array, each inverter coupled to its own string of the plurality of strings, wherein each string can operate at its own voltage, wherein the sensors are further configured to measure output power of at least one of the inverters of the plurality of inverters; a telemetry gateway configured to collect data from the sensors and transmit the collected data; and a monitoring system configured to receive the collected data, the monitoring system comprising: an event signature recognizer, a trend analyzer, and a symmetry analyzer, wherein the monitoring system is configured to detect events, trends and solar panel array asymmetry and to display operator system status information via a user interface. 2. The solar panel array as set forth in claim 1, the monitoring system further comprising a report generator and an alerting system. 3. The solar panel array as set forth in claim 2, wherein the alerting system is configured to provide alert notifications and proposed action notifications. 4. The solar panel array as set forth in claim 1, wherein the operator system status information includes at least one of realtime graphs, proposed corrective actions, and alerts. 5. The solar panel array as set forth in claim 1, wherein the sensors are configured to measure at least one of a voltage, a current, and a temperature. 6. The solar panel array as set forth in claim 1, wherein the events are temporary obstructions, periodic obstructions, or permanent obstructions of a solar panel array component and the trends are power degradations of the solar panel array component. 7. A device for use in a solar cell power system, the device comprising: an event signature recognizer; a trend analyzer; and a symmetry analyzer; wherein the device is configured to receive data from a telemetry device located at a solar cell site via a network connection, the device further configured to use the data to detect events, trends and solar panel array asymmetry and to display operator system status information via a user interface, the telemetry device associated with: a number of solar panels configured in a plurality of strings; a number of sensors configured to measure an output of each of the solar panels; and a plurality of inverters connected to solar panels in the solar array, each inverter coupled to its own string of the plurality of strings, wherein each string can operate at its own voltage, wherein the sensors are further configured to measure output power of at least one of the inverters of the plurality of inverters. 8. The device as set forth in claim 7, further comprising a report generator and an alerting system. 9. The device as set forth in claim 8, wherein the alerting system is configured to provide alert notifications and proposed action notifications. 10. The device as set forth in claim 7, wherein the operator system status information includes at least one of realtime graphs, proposed corrective actions, and alerts. 11. The device as set forth in claim 7, wherein the data includes measurements of at least one of a voltage, a current, and a temperature for at least one solar panel. 12. The device as set forth in claim 7, wherein the network connection is one of a wireless connection and a wireline connection. 13. The device as set forth in claim 7, wherein the events are temporary obstructions, periodic obstructions, or permanent obstructions of a solar panel array component and the trends are power degradations of the solar panel array component. 14. A method for monitoring solar cell performance in a photovoltaic array, the method comprising: receiving, from a telemetry device, data corresponding to a monitored voltage of at least one solar panel in the photovoltaic array at a monitoring system, the monitoring system comprising: an event signature recognizer, a trend analyzer, and a symmetry analyzer; and providing results to a user of at least one event signature analysis, trend analysis and symmetry analysis the telemetry device associated with: a number of solar panels configured in a plurality of strings; a number of sensors configured to measure an output of each of the solar panels; and a plurality of inverters connected to solar panels in the solar array, each inverter coupled to its own string of the plurality of strings, wherein each string can operate at its own voltage, wherein the sensors are further configured to measure output power of at least one of the inverters of the plurality of inverters. 15. The method set forth in claim 14, the monitoring system further comprising a report generator and an alerting system. 16. The method as set forth in claim 15, further comprising alert notifications and proposed action notifications. 17. The method as set forth in claim 14, wherein the data includes measurements of at least one of a voltage, a current, and a temperature for at least one solar panel. 18. The method as set forth in claim 15, wherein receiving the data comprises receiving the data via a network connection, and wherein the network connection is one of a wireless connection and a wireline connection. 19. The method as set forth in claim 14, wherein the events are temporary obstructions, periodic obstructions, or permanent obstructions of one or more solar panel array components and the trends are power degradations of one or more solar panel array components. 