Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus for power wiring, comprising: a splice box comprising: a plug having a plurality of plug pins, each plug pin of the plurality of plug pins for coupling to a conductor within a cable adapted for coupling to a power line; a first pin receptacle for coupling to a first guide pin of a connector; a first pair of retention bars disposed within the first pin receptacle, the first pair of retention bars for retaining the first guide pin, wherein the first pair of retention bars are capable of being spread apart for receiving the first guide pin and for releasing the first guide pin; and a first release aperture; wherein the first pair of retention bars are disposed within the first release aperture and are capable of being spread apart by inserting an extraction tool into the first release aperture. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the splice box further comprises a second pin receptacle for coupling to a second guide pin of the connector, wherein the second pin receptacle is at least one of (i) shaped differently, (ii) sized differently, or (iii) oriented differently than the first pin receptacle. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first pair of retention bars are capable of retracting, subsequent to being spread, such that a protuberance of the first guide pin is prohibited from passing between the first pair of retention bars. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plug cover for mating with the plug such that the plug is environmentally sealed. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the connector, wherein the connector comprises a plurality of plug pin receptacles for coupling to the plurality of plug pins. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein each plug pin receptacle of the plurality of plug pin receptacles is electrically coupled to an output of a DC-AC inverter. 7. A system for power wiring, comprising: a flat cable for coupling to a power line; a plurality of splice boxes, each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes comprising (i) a plug comprising a plurality of pins, (ii) a first pin receptacle, and (iii) a first pair of retention bars disposed within the first pin receptacle, wherein each pin of the plurality of pins is electrically coupled to a wire conductor of a plurality of wire conductors within the flat cable; a plurality of connectors, each connector of the plurality of connectors coupled to each splice box of a first subset of the plurality of splice boxes, wherein the first pair of retention bars of each splice box of the first subset retains a first guide pin of the connector; a plurality of power converters, wherein the plurality of connectors is coupled to the plurality of power converters; and a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) modules, wherein the plurality of splice boxes are physically coupled to the PV modules, and the plurality of power converters are physically and electrically coupled to the PV modules. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the plurality of pins at each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes is electrically coupled to the plurality of wire conductors in a different configuration than at an adjacent splice box. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes further comprises a first release aperture, wherein the first pair of retention bars are disposed within the first release aperture and are capable of being spread apart to disengage the connector by inserting an extraction tool into the first release aperture. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes further comprises a second pin receptacle for coupling to a second guide pin of the connector, wherein the second pin receptacle is at least one of (i) shaped differently, (ii) sized differently, or (iii) oriented differently than the first pin receptacle. 11. The system of claim 7, wherein the plug of each splice box of a second subset of the plurality of splice boxes is coupled to a plug cover for environmentally sealing the plurality of pins. 