Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A cable assembly for delivering a combined power from a plurality of solar inverters to an alternating current (AC) grid, the cable assembly comprising: a first end to deliver the combined power from the plurality of solar inverters to the AC grid; a first cable connector located at a distal end of the cable assembly opposite the first end, the first cable connector configured to plug with and unplug from an inverter output connector of a first solar inverter of the plurality of solar inverters; a plurality of continuous conductors electrically connected to the first end and the first cable connector; and a second cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors via a tap connection located between the first end and the first cable connector such that the continuous conductors are unbroken at the tap connection, the second cable connector configured to plug with and unplug from an inverter output connector of a second solar inverter of the plurality of solar inverters. 2. The cable assembly of claim 1, further comprising an extender cable having a first extender cable connector connected to one of the first cable connector and the second cable connector and a second extender cable connector configured to plug with and unplug from the inverter output of the corresponding first and second solar inverter. 3. The cable assembly of claim 2, wherein the extender cable includes a replaceable series element. 4. The cable assembly of claim 3, wherein the replaceable series element includes a protective circuit element. 5. The cable assembly of claim 4, wherein the protective circuit element carries power between the one of the first cable connector and the second cable connector and the inverter output of the corresponding first and second solar inverter. 6. The cable assembly of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of second cable connectors, each second cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors via a corresponding tap connection located between the first end and the first cable connector such that the continuous conductors are unbroken at each tap connection. 7. The cable assembly of claim 6, wherein the inline cable connector is overmolded. 8. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the second cable connector comprises a plurality of connector conductors, each of the plurality of connector conductor being electrically connected to a corresponding continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors at a corresponding tap connection, each corresponding tap connection comprising a solder connection. 9. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the second cable connector comprises a plurality of connector conductors, each of the plurality of connector conductor being electrically connected to a corresponding continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors at a corresponding tap connection by a twisted-wire connection such that the corresponding connector conductor and the corresponding continuous conductor are twisted together at the tap connection. 10. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the second cable connector comprises a plurality of connector conductors, each of the plurality of connector conductor being electrically connected to a corresponding continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors at a corresponding tap connection by a corresponding crimp connector electrically connected to the corresponding connector conductor and the corresponding continuous conductor. 11. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the second cable connector comprises an inline cable connector. 12. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the second cable connector comprises a plurality of connector conductors, each of the plurality of connector conductors being electrically connected to a corresponding continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors and having a current-carrying capacity substantially less than the corresponding continuous conductor. 13. The cable assembly of claim 1, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises a first hot continuous conductor, a second hot continuous conductor, and a neutral continuous conductor. 14. A method of interconnecting a plurality of solar power inverters using a cable assembly having a plurality of cable connectors that are each configured to plug with and unplug from a corresponding output connector of a solar power inverter, the plurality of cable connectors being connected in parallel with each other to a plurality of continuous conductors of the cable assembly such that the continuous conductors are unbroken at each corresponding connection, the method comprising: connecting an output connector of a first solar power inverter to a first cable connector of the plurality of cable connectors of the cable assembly; connecting an output connector of a second solar power inverter to a second cable connector of the plurality of cable connectors of the cable assembly; and connecting an output connector of a solar third power inverter to a third cable connector of the plurality of cable connectors of the cable assembly located between the first and second cable connectors such that each of the first, second, and third solar power inverters are electrically coupled in parallel via a plurality of continuous conductors of the cable assembly that extend from the first cable connector to the second cable connector. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: electrically coupling a delivery end of the cable assembly, opposite the first cable connector, to an alternating current (AC) power grid; and delivering a combined power from the first, second, and third solar power inverters to the AC power grid via the continuous conductors of the cable assembly. 16. A cable assembly for delivering alternating current (AC) power from a plurality of direct current-alternating current (DC-AC) power inverters to an AC grid, the cable assembly comprising: a first end to deliver the combined AC power from the plurality of DC-AC power inverters to the AC grid; a first connection junction located at a distal end of the cable assembly opposite the first end, the first connection junction comprising (i) a first connector to plug with and unplug from a corresponding output connector of a first DC-AC power inverter of the plurality of DC-AC power inverters and (ii) three connector wire conductors electrically connected to the first connector; a first hot continuous wire conductor, a second hot continuous wire conductor, a neutral wire conductor, each of continuous wire conductors being electrically connected to the first end and a corresponding one of the three connector wire conductors of the first connection junction; a plurality of second connection junctions located between the first end and the first connection junction, each of the plurality of second connection junctions comprising (i) a second connector to plug with and unplug from a corresponding output connector of a corresponding DC-AC power inverter of the plurality of DC-AC power inverters and (ii) three connector conductors electrically connected to the corresponding second connector, each of the three connector conductors of each second connection junction being electrically connected to a corresponding one of the first hot continuous wire conductor, the second hot continuous wired conductor, and the neutral wire conductor at a corresponding tap connection such that each of the continuous wired conductors are unbroken at the corresponding tap connection. 17. The cable assembly of claim 16, wherein each corresponding tap connection comprising a solder connection. 18. The cable assembly of claim 16, wherein each corresponding tap connection comprises a twisted-wire connection such that the corresponding connector conductor and the corresponding continuous wire conductor are twisted together at the associated tap connection. 19. The cable assembly of claim 16, wherein each of the three connector conductors is electrically connected to the corresponding continuous wire conductor at the corresponding tap connection by a corresponding crimp connector electrically connected to the connector conductor and the corresponding continuous wire conductor. 