Claims What is claimed is: 1. A network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels, comprising an intelligent node comprising: an intelligent node input terminal for receiving current and voltage output from a photovoltaic module on another intelligent node; a bypass relay comprising a first switched terminal, a second switched terminal, and an output terminal; a PV module having an input electrically connected to said intelligent node input terminal and an output electrically connected to said first switched terminal on said bypass relay; an intelligent node output terminal electrically connected to said output terminal on said bypass relay; at least two redundant means of communication configured for exchanging data and commands between at least two of said intelligent node in a communications network; a bypass bus electrically connected to said intelligent node input terminal and to said bypass relay second switched terminal; and a node controller comprising: a relay control line electrically connected to a control input on said bypass relay; a first electrical connection from said node controller to a first of said two redundant means of communication; and a second electrical connection from said node controller to a second of said two redundant means of communication; wherein said node controller autonomously selects one of said two redundant means of communication when the other of said two redundant means of communication is not available for communication, said bypass relay selects said bypass bus when said node controller receives a bypass command from either of said two redundant means of communication, thereby electrically disconnecting said PV module output from said intelligent node output terminal and routing signals received at said intelligent node input terminal to said intelligent node output terminal. 2. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 1, wherein a first of said redundant means of communication comprises a wireless transceiver. 3. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 2, wherein a second of said redundant means of communication comprises a circuit for exchange of data and commands over a power line. 4. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 3, wherein said intelligent node further comprises a solar panel. 5. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 1, wherein said node controller is adapted for controlling a position of said solar panel and said node controller further comprises a plurality of electrical signal input terminals and a plurality of electrical signal output terminals for transmitting and receiving data and commands. 6. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, wherein said node controller further comprises: a battery; and a charger electrically connected to said battery and to said intelligent node output terminal, said charger adapted to convert an output voltage from said PV panel to a voltage for charging said battery. 7. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring voltage having a first output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring voltage is adapted to measure an output voltage from said PV module and to output a signal related to a measurement of voltage on said first output terminal. 8. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring current having a second output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring current is adapted to measure an output current from said PV module and to output a signal related to a measurement of current on said second output terminal. 9. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring temperature having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring temperature is adapted to read a temperature of said PV module. 10. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring an intensity of sunlight having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 11. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring surface cleanliness having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 12. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring reflectance having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 13. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring azimuth angle having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 14. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising a device for measuring elevation angle having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 15. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, further comprising: an elevation motor rotationally coupled to said solar panel, wherein said elevation motor has a control input; and a first motor control output terminal on said node controller, wherein said first motor control output terminal is electrically connected to said elevation motor control input. 16. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 15, further comprising: an azimuth motor rotationally coupled to said solar panel, wherein said azimuth motor has a control input; and a second motor control output terminal on said node controller, wherein said second motor control output terminal is electrically connected to said azimuth motor control input. 17. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 16, wherein a concentrator comprises said solar panel, said azimuth motor, and said elevation motor, and further comprising at least one additional of said concentrator electrically connected to said node controller. 18. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, wherein said node controller may alternatively receive data and commands from said first redundant means of communication, said second redundant means of communication, or from both of said first and said second means of communication. 19. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 18, further comprising a chain of nodes comprising at least two of said intelligent nodes electrically connected in series. 20. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 19, further comprising a gateway having a wireless transceiver adapted for exchange of data and commands with said wireless transceiver in said intelligent node and a circuit for power line communication adapted for exchange of data and commands with said circuit for power line communication in said intelligent node. 21. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 20, further comprising: an area power and data bus electrically connected to said gateway and to said chain of nodes; and an area comprising said area power and data bus, said gateway, and said chain of nodes. 22. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 21, further comprising a power backup system electrically connected to said area power and data bus. 23. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 21, wherein said area further comprises an inverter having an input electrically connected to said area power and data bus and an inverter output. 24. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 23, wherein said area further comprises a transformer having an input electrically connected to said inverter output. 25. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 24, wherein said area further comprises more than one of said chain of nodes electrically connected to said area power and data bus. 26. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 24, further comprising a central server having a wireless transceiver adapted for communication with said gateway. 27. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 26, further comprising at least two of said redundant means of communication for exchanging data and commands between said area and said central server. 28. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 27, comprising at least two of said area. 29. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 1, wherein said intelligent node is electrically connected to and configured for monitoring and controlling more than one solar panel. 30. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, wherein said node controller is electrically connected to and configured for monitoring and controlling more than one solar panel. 31. An apparatus, comprising: an intelligent node comprising: an intelligent node input terminal for receiving current and voltage output from another of said intelligent node; a bypass relay comprising a first switched terminal, a second switched terminal, and an output terminal; an intelligent node output terminal electrically connected to said output terminal on said bypass relay; at least two redundant means of communication configured for exchanging data and commands between at least two of said intelligent node in a communications network; a bypass bus electrically connected to said intelligent node input terminal and to said bypass relay second switched terminal; and a node controller comprising: a relay control line electrically connected to a control input on said bypass relay; a first electrical connection from said node controller to a first of said two redundant means of communication; and a second electrical connection from said node controller to a second of said two redundant means of communication, wherein said node controller autonomously selects one of said two redundant means of communication when the other of said two redundant means of communication is not available for communication, said bypass relay selects said bypass bus when node controller receives a bypass command from either of said two redundant means of communication, thereby electrically connecting signals received at said intelligent node input terminal to said intelligent node output terminal. 