Claims What is claimed is: 1. A DC to AC inverter unit comprising: an enclosure; a DC to AC inverter within the enclosure, the inverter having a rated power output at a first temperature within the enclosure; an input power sensor configured to monitor input power; a temperature sensor configured to monitor the temperature within the enclosure; a cooling unit in thermal communication with the inverter; and a cooling unit controller capable of adjusting the cooling unit based on the input power and the temperature within the enclosure. 2. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to maintain the inverter at a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to have an optimized power output over the rated power output. 3. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit comprises a cooling air fan. 4. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit comprises an air conditioner. 5. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, further comprising a DC input from a solar module to the DC to AC inverter. 6. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to maintain the inverter at a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by at least 5% over the rated power output. 7. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to maintain the inverter at a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by at least 15% over the rated power output. 8. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to keep the temperature in the enclosure below about 50 degrees C. 9. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to keep the temperature in the enclosure below about 30 degrees C. 10. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling unit controller adjusts the cooling unit to keep the temperature in the enclosure below about 20 degrees C. 11. A method of cooling a DC to AC inverter, comprising: measuring the temperature inside an enclosure cooled by a cooling unit, the enclosure including a DC to AC inverter having a rated power output at a first temperature, wherein the DC to AC inverter is electrically connected to a photovoltaic array; measuring the voltage output of the photovoltaic array; and controlling the cooling unit based on the temperature inside the enclosure and the voltage output of the photovoltaic array. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the cooling unit comprises a cooling air fan. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the cooling unit comprises an air conditioner. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein controlling the cooling unit comprises maintaining the inverter at a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by at least 5% over the rated power output. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein controlling the cooling unit comprises maintaining the inverter at a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by at least 15% over the rated power output. 16. The method of claim 11, wherein controlling the cooling unit comprises maintaining the temperature in the enclosure below about 50 degrees C. 17. The method of claim 11, wherein controlling the cooling unit comprises maintaining the temperature in the enclosure below about 30 degrees C. 18. The method of claim 11, wherein controlling the cooling unit comprises maintaining the temperature in the enclosure below about 20 degrees C. 