Claims The claimed invention is: 1. A method for directing power from alternative power sources to an electrical grid, the method comprising: receiving at least two input DC power signals from a plurality of power sources; receiving one or more control signals from the electrical grid; selectively directing a portion of the input DC power signals to a rechargeable battery; sensing available power from the at least two input DC power signals; selectively switching to couple with an output DC power signal, one or more of the at least two input DC power signals, based on the sensing of available power and the one or more control signals from the electrical grid; directing, based at least in part on the one or more control signals, at least some of the input DC power signals to an output DC power signal; and, transforming the output DC power signal to an output AC power signal for transmission via the electrical grid. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein receiving the input DC power signals from the plurality of power sources comprises receiving power from at least one of the following: a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, a battery, or a wind turbine. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein receiving one or more control signals from the electrical grid comprises receiving at least a current command. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein directing some of the input DC power signals to an output DC power signal comprises directing a portion of the input DC power signals to an energy storage device. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein directing some of the input DC power signals to an output DC power signal comprises selectively coupling one or more of the input DC power signals to the output DC power signal. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the selectively coupling is based at least in part on sensing the power available at the at least two input DC power signals. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein the selectively coupling is performed by switching one or more of the at least two input DC power signals to selectively couple with the output DC power signal. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein transforming the output DC power signal to the output AC power signal for transmission via the electrical grid comprises converting the output DC power signal to an output AC power signal by a DC to AC inverter. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the frequency and phase of the output AC power signal is controlled to match frequency and phase of the electrical grid. 10. A system for supplying alternative power to an electrical grid, the system comprising: a plurality of power sources; one or more AC-to-DC converters for transforming AC power signals from the power sources to at least one derived DC power signal; one or more rechargeable batteries for selectively storing DC power; a controller operable to receive power signals from the plurality of power sources and the one or more AC-to-DC converters; sense available power from the at least two input DC power signals; receive control signals from the electrical grid; selectively switch to couple with the output DC power signal, one or more of the at least two input DC power signals, based on the sensing of available power and the one or more control signals from the electrical grid; and direct, based at least in part on the control signals, at least some of the received power signals from the plurality of power sources, the one or more rechargeable batteries, and the one or more AC-to-DC converters to a DC power output; and, a DC-to-AC inverter for transforming the DC power output to an AC power output signal for transmission via the electrical grid. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the plurality of power sources comprise at least one of the following: a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, a battery, or a wind turbine. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller is further operable to receive control signals from the electrical grid, wherein the control signals comprise at least a synchronization signal. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller is further operable to direct at least some of the received power signals to an energy storage device. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller is further operable to selectively couple at least some of the received power signals to a DC power output by one or more switches. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the one or more switches comprise one or more semiconductor switches. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the DC-to-AC inverter adjusts the frequency and phase of the AC power output signal based at least in part on a synchronization signal received from the electrical grid. 17. A controller for directing power from alternative power sources to an electrical grid, the controller comprising: inputs for receiving DC power signals from a plurality of power sources; inputs for receiving control signals from an electrical grid; at least one input for receiving signals from a rechargeable battery; circuitry for sensing available power from the at least two input DC power signals; circuitry for selectively switching to couple with the output DC power signal, one or more of the at least two input DC power signals, based on the sensing of available power and the one or more control signals from the electrical grid; circuitry for directing, based at least in part on the control signals, at least some of the received DC power signals to a DC power output; and circuitry for selectively directing, based at least in part on the control signals, at least some of the signals from the rechargeable battery to the DC power output. 18. The controller of claim 17, further comprising at least one back-feeding protection device to protect the power sources. 19. The controller of claim 17, further comprising an energy storage device. 20. The controller of claim 17, wherein the circuitry for directing some of the received power signals to a DC power output comprises one or more switching devices. 