Claims We claim: 1. A protective device for a load carrying apparatus for preventing or reducing an electric arc during separation of the load current carrying plug connectors (2) using a switch (7) that reduces the load current to such an extent that the load current that remains is harmless, with a protective cover (5) for the load current plug connectors (2), said cover being securable to the apparatus and making it more difficult to remove the load current plug connectors (2) as long as it is secured to the apparatus, said protective cover (5) comprising a means that is operably connected to the switch in such a manner that the load current is reduced by the switch (7) when the protective cover is removed from the apparatus, characterized in that the protective cover (5) comprises electrical contacts (10) for an electrical means and for electrical connection to additional contacts on the apparatus so that the contacts (10) of the protective cover (5) are separated from the additional contacts (11) and the load current is reduced when the protective cover is being removed. 2. The protective device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the protective cover (5) includes a jumper (9) as a means for shorting the additional contacts (11) when the protective cover (5) is mounted. 3. The protective device as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the jumper (9) is connected in parallel to the switch (7) and that the switch (7) with the jumper (9) lies in the load current circuit. 4. The protective device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the switch (7) is a semiconductor switch. 5. The protective device as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the switch (7) is a clocked semiconductor switch. 6. The protective device as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the switch (7) is a relay. 7. The protective device as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the switch (7) is configured to be a switch that may only be actuated once. 8. The protective device as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the semiconductor switch (7) is clocked continuously. 9. The protective device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the apparatus includes an inverter module (8) and that the switch (7) is accommodated in a clock module (6) that is electrically connected to the inverter module (8). 10. The protective device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the apparatus is configured to be a photovoltaic inverter. 11. The protective device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the protective cover (5) comprises a grip (13). 12. The protective device as set forth in claim 11, characterized in that the grip (13) in the shape of a wall is formed integral with the protective cover (5). 