Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method to clamp an open circuit voltage in a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: (a) coupling a load resistor across an inverter module; (b) initiating the inverter module and loading the inverter module via the load resistor; (c) coupling the loaded inverter module to the photovoltaic module; (d) dissipating power via the load resistor to clamp the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic module; (e) synchronizing an output voltage of the inverter module with a voltage of a grid and then coupling the inverter module to the grid; and (f) de-coupling the load resistor across the inverter module. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein initiating the inverter module comprises controlling on and off statuses of switches of the inverter module. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein controlling the on and off statuses of the switches comprises using at least one of a space vector modulation or a pulse width modulation. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein clamping the open circuit voltage comprises limiting the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic module to be within a safe and acceptable range of input voltage of the inverter module. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising implementing a closed loop inverter control after coupling the inverter module to the grid and before de-coupling the load resistor. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising sensing a voltage across the photovoltaic module to detect the open circuit voltage. 7. A system to clamp an open circuit voltage across a photovoltaic module, the system comprising: a load resistor and a first switch across an output of an inverter module; a second switch between the inverter module and the photovoltaic module; a third switch between the inverter module and a grid; and a processor to control the first, second, and third switches and inverter switches of the inverter module, wherein the load resistor is configured to clamp the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic module in response to control signals from the processor. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the first switch is configured to couple the load resistor or de-couple the load resistor across the inverter module. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the second switch, upon activation, is configured to stabilize the voltage across the inverter module and the photovoltaic module. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein the processor is configured to send a control signal to activate the third switch after an output voltage of the inverter module is synchronized with a grid voltage. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the processor is further configured to sense and compare the open circuit voltage, the output voltage of the inverter module, and the grid voltage. 12. The system of claim 7, wherein the processor is configured to send control signals to operate the switches such that the load resistor loads the inverter module prior to the inverter module being coupled to the photovoltaic module. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the loaded inverter module is configured to clamp the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic module. 14. The system of claim 7 further comprising a voltage sensor coupled to the photovoltaic module for obtaining a voltage signal for use in detecting the open circuit voltage. 15. The system of claim 7 further comprising at least one boost converter coupled between the inverter module and the photovoltaic module. 