Claims We claim: 1. A tile system for covering a structure comprising: a tile mounting track system comprising at least one track that is fastened to the structure; at least one tile that includes a photovoltaic cell attached to a surface of the at least one tile; and means for fastening the tile to the at least one track, while allowing the at least one tile to slide along the at least one track, wherein a snap lock is used as the means for fastening, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track, fastening of the at least one tile to the at least one track using the snap lock making an electrical connection to the photovoltaic cell. 2. A tile system for covering a structure comprising: a tile mounting track system comprising at least one track that is fastened to the structure; at least one tile that includes a photovoltaic cell attached to a surface of the at least one tile; and means for fastening the tile to the at least one track, while allowing the at least one tile to slide along the at least one track, wherein a snap lock is used as the means for fastening, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track, fastening of the at least one tile to the at least one track using the snap lock facilitating an electrical connection between the photovoltaic cell and an electrical conductor using an electrical connecting means, and further wherein the at least one track has a first snap lock arrangement, and the at least one tile has a second snap lock arrangement, the first and second snap lock arrangements adapted to engage for fastening and sliding. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the first and second snap lock arrangements engage each other for fastening and sliding. 4. A tile system for covering a structure comprising: a tile mounting track system comprising at least one track that is fastened to the structure; at least one tile that includes a photovoltaic cell attached to a surface of the at least one tile; and means for fastening the tile to the at least one track, while allowing the at least one tile to slide along the at least one track, wherein a snap lock is used as the means for fastening, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track, fastening of the at least one tile to the at least one track using the snap lock facilitating an electrical connection between the photovoltaic cell and an electrical conductor using an electrical connecting means, wherein the at least one track has a first snap lock arrangement, and the at least one tile has a second snap lock arrangement, the first and second snap lock arrangements adapted to engage for fastening and sliding and further wherein the first snap lock arrangement includes at least a pair of prongs and the second snap lock arrangement includes a recess configured to receive and hold the prongs in the recess to maintain connection between the at least one tile and the at least one track. 5. A tile system for covering a structure comprising: a tile mounting track system comprising at least one track that is fastened to the structure; at least one tile that includes a photovoltaic cell attached to a surface of the at least one tile, with the at least one track having an electric conductor, the system further comprising means for electrically connecting the photovoltaic cell to the electrical conductor; and means for fastening the tile to the at least one track, while allowing the at least one tile to slide along the at least one track, wherein a snap lock is used as the means for fastening, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track, fastening of the at least one tile to the at least one track using the snap lock facilitating the electrical connection between the photovoltaic cell and an electrical conductor using an electrical connecting means, wherein the at least one track has a first snap lock arrangement, and the at least one tile has a second snap lock arrangement, the first and second snap lock arrangements adapted to engage for fastening and sliding and further wherein the electrical connection means further comprises a connector mounted to the tile and having a third snap lock arrangement and connection pin, the first and third snap lock arrangements arranged to allow the connector to slidably fasten to the track while maintaining electrical connection between the connector pin and a busbar mounted in the track. 6. In a structure having a roof, the improvement comprising a tile system comprising a plurality of tracks that are fastened to the structure, a plurality of tiles, and means for fastening the tiles to the tracks, while allowing the tile to slide along the track it is fastened to, wherein said means for fastening and sliding further comprises a first snap lock arrangement on a portion of each track and a second snap lock arrangement on a portion of each tile, wherein each of the first and second snap lock arrangements have elements that snap together to lock the tile to the track, the elements slidable relative to each other after snapping together so that the tile can slide along the track, wherein the plurality of tracks and the plurality of tiles are arranged to form at least a part of the roof of the structure, with adjacent tiles interlocking and overlapping with respect to each other in each of a slope direction of the roof and a direction perpendicular to the slope direction, the overlapping and snap lock installation of the tiles creating a sealable tile to tile interlocking system to prevent water ingress through the roof formed by the tiles. 7. The structure of claim 6, wherein the tile system forms the entire roof. 8. The structure system of claim 6, further comprising a photovoltaic cell supported on a surface of at least one of the tiles. 9. The structure of claim 8, wherein the photovoltaic cell is attached to the surface of the at least one tile. 10. The structure of claim 9, wherein the photovoltaic cell is attached to the at least one tile by co-molding, over-molding, insert-molding, applique molding, or post molding adhesion, or a combination thereof. 11. The structure of claim 8, wherein at least one of the tracks has an electric conductor, the system further comprising means for electrically connecting the photovoltaic cell to the electrical conductor. 12. The structure of claim 11, wherein the electrical connecting means includes one of a separate wired lug, a prong, or a pierce connector. 13. The structure of claim 6, wherein the tiles and the tracks comprise one of a metallic, polymer, or a thermoplastic elastomer material, or a combination thereof. 14. The structure of claim 13, wherein the tiles and tracks are formed using a molding process. 