Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An electric power conversion system for converting dc electric power from a plurality of unstable dc sources to ac power for injection into an electric power grid, the system comprising: a plurality of regulated current source inverters, each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters having a plurality of switching devices for producing a multiple phase ac output, the plurality of unstable dc sources supplying input power to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase ac output of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters operating synchronously with the voltages of the electric power grid, the commutation of the plurality of switching devices in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters sequenced to produce multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; and at least one transformer for phase shifting the multiple phase ac output currents from all of the plurality of regulated current source inverters for producing three phase currents for injection into the electric power grid, the three phase currents having a multi-step waveform, whereby increasing the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters decreases the total harmonic distortion of the multi-step waveform. 2. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 wherein each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the dc current regulator comprising a single pulse or a multiple pulse regulation in each regulation period. 3. The electric power conversion system of claim 2 further comprising at least one active filter connected to the electric power grid to reduce harmonic content of the three phase currents. 4. The electric power conversion system of claim 2 wherein each regulation period is synchronized with the period of the electric power grid and is less than the period of the electric power grid. 5. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 where in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters independent of the instantaneous current output level from one or more of the plurality of unstable dc sources, the dc current regulator comprising a single pulse or a multiple pulse regulation in each regulation period. 6. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters at the maximum power point of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources supplying power to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters independent of the instantaneous current output level from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources supplying power to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the dc current regulator comprising a single pulse or a multiple pulse regulation in each regulation period. 7. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 further comprising a step-up dc current regulator at the output of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources to maintain the output at the maximum power point of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources, each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprising a step-down dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the step-down dc current regulator comprising a single pulse or a multiple pulse regulation in each regulation period. 8. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises two, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer selected from the group consisting of branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings, double delta polygon configured secondary and delta configured primary windings, and delta-wye configured secondary and wye configured primary windings. 9. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises three, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer having branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings. 10. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 where in the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises four, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings, and a double delta polygon con figured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings, the multiple phase ac output from each one half of the four regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the pair of transformers. 11. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 where in the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises twelve, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings, and double delta polygon configured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings. 12. The electric power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises eight, and the at least one transformer is a quadruple of phase shifting transformers, the multiple phase ac output from each one quarter of the eight regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the quadruple of the phase shifting transformers. 13. A method of converting dc electric power from a plurality of unstable dc sources for injection into an electric power grid, the method comprising the steps of: connecting the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources the input of each one of a plurality of regulated current source inverters; sequentially commutating a plurality of switching devices in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce a multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters out of phase with the respective multiple phase outputs from all other of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; connecting the multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to a phase shifting transformation network having a three phase output connected to the electric power grid; and regulating dc current from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources to an inverter section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce a substantially constant step-waveform current at the three phase output of the phase shifting transformation network. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of regulating dc current further comprises a selective single or multiple pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation to maintain a constant multiple phase current output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters representative of the maximum power point of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources independent of the instantaneous output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of synchronizing the period of the selective single or multiple pulse step-up or step down dc current regulation to the period of the electric power grid. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of generating the single or multiple pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation to minimize current harmonic content in the three phase output connected to the electric power grid. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of regulating dc current from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources further comprises a step-down dc current regulation, the method further comprising the step of regulating the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources prior to connecting the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources to the input of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters by a step-up dc current regulation to maintain the output of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources at the maximum power point. 18. A method of injecting a unit of ac electric power into an electric power grid from a plurality of unstable dc sources, the method comprising the steps of: connecting the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources the input of each one of a plurality of regulated current source inverters; sequentially commutating a plurality of switching devices in each one or the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce a multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters out of phase with the respective multiple phase outputs from all other of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; connecting the multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to a phase shifting transformation network having a three phase output connected to the electric power grid; and regulating dc current from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources to an inverter section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce a substantially constant step-waveform current at the three phase output of the phase shifting transformation network. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the step of regulating dc current further comprises a selective single or multiple pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation to maintain a constant multiple phase current output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters representative of the maximum power point of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources independent of the instantaneous output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the step of regulating dc current from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources further comprises a step-down dc current regulation, the method further comprising the step of regulating the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources prior to connecting the output from each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources to the input of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters by a step-up dc current regulation to maintain the output of each one of the plurality of unstable dc sources at the maximum power point. 