Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a terrestrial photovoltaic system including a plurality of tracker devices each supporting at least one solar panel on a rooftop, the tracker devices for adjusting orientation of the at least one solar panel supported thereon, an apparatus for supporting the plurality of tracker devices and associated solar panels in conjunction with a plurality of ballast weights, the apparatus comprising: a base frame including a plurality of interconnected lateral members which define a generally planar area that is substantially parallel with the rooftop and disposed under the plurality of tracker devices and the solar panels supported thereon; a plurality of support structures mounted to said base frame and arranged in a rectangular array, wherein each support structure corresponds to a respective tracker device of the plurality of tracker devices and includes a set of support legs mounted to said lateral members of said base frame and extending upward and inward toward one another to a tracker mounting plate, said tracker mounting plate disposed below a corresponding tracker device and supporting the corresponding tracker device and at least one solar panel secured thereto, and wherein each given support leg is secured to a respective lateral member with a connector that provides for fixation of the given support leg relative the respective lateral member at different positions along the length of the respective lateral member; and a plurality of ballast trays, separate and distinct from the plurality of ballast weights, attached to said base frame and adapted to hold the plurality of ballast weights for applying a downward force on said base frame to stabilize and resist movement of said base frame, wherein said ballast trays are attached to said base frame along at least a perimeter portion of said generally planar area defined by said base frame. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said set of support legs includes four legs that define a generally pyramidal shape. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame which connect to said set of support legs are substantially parallel relative to each other. 4. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame are arranged in a rectangular grid including a first set of said lateral members that extend in a parallel direction relative to each other and a second set of lateral members that extend in a perpendicular direction relative to said first set of lateral members. 5. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: the connector that secures the given support leg to the respective lateral member is moveable along a channel defined over the length of the respective lateral member. 6. An apparatus according to claim 5, wherein: the channel is defined by oppositely disposed sidewalls with oppositely disposed lips projecting from said sidewalls; the connector is retained inside the channel below the lips and moveable within the channel; and the given support leg is secured to the respective lateral member by a flange mounted to said given support leg with a through-opening to allow for bolt-on connection thereto, and at least one bolt that extends through said through-opening of said flange into said channel of the respective lateral member to mate with said connector, whereby said connector grips bottom sides of the lips of the respective lateral member to fixably secure the given support leg to the respective lateral member. 7. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: each of said tracker mounting plates has two parts, each of said parts having a top section and a side section extending at an angle from said top section, wherein a first plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of one of said two parts of a corresponding mounting plate, and a second plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of the other of said two parts, said top sections of said corresponding mounting plate forming a generally planar mounting surface. 8. An apparatus according to claim 7, wherein: said two parts of each mounting plate are symmetrical and lie opposite each other. 9. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: each ballast tray has a generally planar bottom surface disposed opposite a generally planar top surface, said bottom surface oriented downward and facing said rooftop, and said top surface oriented upward and supporting at least one ballast weight resting thereon during use. 10. An apparatus according to claim 9, wherein: said bottom surface of each respective ballast tray contacts the rooftop. 11. An apparatus according to claim 9, wherein: said bottom surface of each respective ballast tray is suspended above the rooftop. 12. An apparatus according to claim 9, wherein: each respective ballast tray extends between and is supported by a pair of lateral members of the base frame that extend parallel to one another. 13. A terrestrial photovoltaic system for use on a rooftop in conjunction with a plurality of ballast weights, the terrestrial photovoltaic system comprising: a plurality of solar panels; a plurality of tracker devices each supporting at least one of said plurality of solar panels, said tracker devices for adjusting orientation of the at least one solar panel supported thereon; a base frame including a plurality of interconnected lateral members which define a generally planar area that is substantially parallel with the rooftop and disposed under the plurality of tracker devices and the solar panels supported thereon; a plurality of support structures mounted said to base frame and arranged in a rectangular array, wherein each support structure corresponds to a respective tracker device of the plurality of tracker devices and includes a set of support legs secured to said lateral members of said base frame and extending upward and inward toward one another to a tracker mounting plate, said tracker mounting plate disposed below a corresponding tracker device and supporting the corresponding tracker device and at least one solar panel secured thereto, and wherein each given support leg is secured to a respective lateral member with a connector that provides for fixation of the given support leg relative the respective lateral member at different positions along the length of the respective lateral member; and a plurality of ballast trays, separate and distinct from the plurality of ballast weights, attached to said base frame and holding the plurality of ballast weights for applying a downward force on said base frame to stabilize and resist movement of said base frame, wherein said ballast trays are attached to said base frame along at least a perimeter portion of said generally planar area defined by said base frame. 14. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: said set of support legs includes four legs that define a generally pyramidal shape. 15. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame which connect to said set of support legs are substantially parallel relative to each other. 16. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame are arranged in a rectangular grid including a first set of said lateral members that extend in a parallel direction relative to each other and a second set of lateral members that extend in a perpendicular direction relative to said first set of lateral members. 17. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: the connector that secures the given support leg to the respective lateral member is moveable along a channel defined over the length of the respective lateral member. 18. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 17, wherein: the channel is defined by oppositely disposed sidewalls with oppositely disposed lips projecting from said sidewalls; the connector is retained inside the channel below the lips and moveable within the channel; and the given support leg is secured to the respective lateral member by a flange mounted to said given support leg with a through-opening to allow for bolt-on connection thereto, and at least one bolt that extends through said through-opening of said flange into said guide channel of the respective lateral member to mate with said connector, whereby said connector grips bottom sides of the lips of the respective lateral member to fixably secure the given support leg to the respective lateral member. 19. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: each of said tracker mounting plates has two parts, each of said parts having a top section and a side section extending at an angle from said top section, wherein a first plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of one of said two parts of a corresponding mounting plate, and a second plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of the other of said two parts, said top sections of said corresponding mounting plate forming a generally planar mounting surface. 20. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 19, wherein: said two parts of each mounting plate are symmetrical and lie opposite each other. 21. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: each ballast tray has a generally planar bottom surface disposed opposite a generally planar top surface, said bottom surface oriented downward and facing said rooftop, and said top surface oriented upward and supporting at least one ballast weight resting thereon during use. 22. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 21, wherein: said bottom surface of each respective ballast tray contacts the rooftop. 23. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 21, wherein: said bottom surface of each respective ballast tray is suspended above the rooftop. 24. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 21, wherein: each respective ballast tray extends between and is supported by a pair of lateral members of the base frame that extend parallel to one another. 