Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for assisting solar power generation, the system comprising: several racks for fastening a power conversion module to each of said racks, said racks each having a pivot axis and being mounted for pivotal movement about said pivot axis, said racks each having a lever, a movement of said lever causing a respective one of said racks to pivot; a linear drive unit; a coupling rod on which said levers are each carried for rotation, said coupling rod coupling said levers of said racks together and further coupled to said linear drive unit so that said racks may be caused to pivot together through an action of said linear drive unit; a common mounting configuration mounting said racks so as to have said pivot axis carried on said common mounting configuration, said common mounting configuration containing brackets and at least one pair of parallel running mounting rails fastened to said brackets or on which said brackets are formed; said linear drive unit having a first end hinge-linked to said common mounting configuration and a second end hinge-linked to said coupling rod; and said racks being carried each between said brackets of a first of said mounting rails or another one of said brackets of a second of said mounting rails of said at least one pair of parallel running mounting rails. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said common mounting configuration has mounting profiles. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said common mounting configuration and said racks is made from extruded profiles. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein said common mounting configuration and said coupling rod are of a modular construction. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said mounting rails and said coupling rods are assembled out of one of rail elements and coupling rod elements, each having ends that can be plugged into each other. 6. The system according to claim 5, wherein at least one of said rail elements and said coupling rod elements are removably connected together. 7. The system according to claim 1, wherein said common mounting configuration has connecting crossties for stiffening said common mounting configuration between at least one of said brackets and said mounting rails. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein said brackets of said pair of parallel mounting rails are configured such that bearing points of said pivot axes on said brackets of said first mounting rail are spaced a smaller distance apart from said first mounting rail than the bearing points on said brackets of said second mounting rail are spaced from said second mounting rail. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein said brackets of at least one of said first mounting rail and said second mounting rail are angle brackets. 10. The system according to claim 9, wherein: said mounting rails each have a supporting surface; and said angle brackets have legs and a plane spanned by said legs of said angle brackets is inclined at an angle a different from 90.degree. with respect to said supporting surface of said mounting rails. 11. The system according to claim 1, wherein said levers are hinged angled bars having two leg ends which are each fastened to said racks at a distance from and symmetrical to said pivot axis, said hinged angled bars each having an apex and each being fastened to said coupling rod in a region of said apex in a rotatable fashion. 12. The system according to claim 1, wherein said racks each include an elongate axis tube that extends parallel to said pivot axis and, at each of opposite ends of said elongate axis tube, two carrier arms cantilevered transverse to said pivot axis to which the power conversion modules are to be fastened. 13. The system according to claim 1, wherein said common mounting configuration includes several pairs of said mounting rails disposed parallel to each other and between which said racks are rotatably carried, wherein said coupling rod oriented parallel to said mounting rails exists for each pair of said mounting rails, said coupling rods of said several pairs being mechanically coupled such that said linear drive unit drives all said coupling rods together and causes all said racks to tilt in a same way. 14. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a control unit connected to and actuating said linear drive unit. 15. The system according to claim 14, further comprising optical sensors for detecting at least one of a radiation direction and a radiation intensity of rays of a sun, said optical sensors connected to said control unit and outputting measured signals evaluated by said control unit for pivoting said racks so as to obtain a best possible power yield from incident solar radiation with the power conversion modules. 16. The system according to claim 1, wherein the system includes the power conversion modules and said power conversion modules are photovoltaic modules. 