Claims What is claimed is: 1. A bidirectional inverter comprising DC terminals and being connectable to a grid via grid AC terminals, the inverter comprising a first subinverter and a second subinverter, both subinverters having input terminals connected together in parallel to the DC terminals, and being connected in parallel to the grid AC terminals by subinverter AC terminals, each subinverter comprising: a full bridge and a switchable freewheel path, both first and second subinverters configured to drive a current between the grid AC terminals in a driving direction, and configured to block a current between the grid AC terminals in a blocking direction opposite the driving direction, wherein the driving direction of the first subinverter is the blocking direction of the second subinverter. 2. The inverter of claim 1, wherein each full bridge comprises two semiconductor switches and two diodes, the diodes being arranged to block a current in the respective blocking direction. 3. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the full bridges each comprise MOSFETs. 4. The inverter of claim 1, wherein each freewheel path comprises a semiconductor switch and a diode connected in series, the diode being arranged to block a current in the respective blocking direction. 5. The inverter of claim 1, wherein each freewheel path comprises a MOSFET. 6. The inverter of claim 1, wherein each freewheel path is configured to be at least temporarily decoupled from the DC terminals. 7. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises a semiconductor switch, which forms a common part of the full bridges of the first subinverter and the second subinverter. 8. The inverter of claim 1, wherein each full bridge is configured to prevent a current flow over parasitic diodes of the corresponding semiconductor switches in a regular operation of the inverter. 9. The inverter of claim 1, further comprising a first pair of inductors arranged between the subinverter AC terminals of the first subinverter and the grid AC terminals, and a second pair of bridge inductors arranged between the subinverter AC terminals of the second subinverter and the grid AC terminals. 10. The inverter of claim 8, wherein one inductor of the first pair of inductors and one inductor of the second pair of inductors are provided as windings on a common core. 11. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the first subinverter and the second subinverter are connected to the AC terminals via common inductors. 12. A bidirectional inverter comprising two DC terminals, a first grid AC terminal and a second grid AC terminal, the inverter comprising: a first full bridge comprising a first AC terminal and a second AC terminal and a second full bridge comprising a first further AC terminal and a second further AC terminal, both full bridges having first and second input terminals coupled to the two DC terminals, respectively, wherein the first and second full bridge inputs are in parallel with one another; and a plurality of coupling inductors interlinking the AC terminals of the first and second full bridges so as to facilitate, in each of the full bridges, a current flow only in a single direction, thereby providing a switchable, potential-free freewheel path to each of the full bridges, wherein each full bridge is configured to drive a current in excess of a leakage current of semiconductor switches included in the full bridges in a direction flowing out of the first AC terminal and the first further AC terminal and into the second AC terminal and the second further AC terminal. 13. The inverter of claim 12, wherein the switchable freewheel path between the AC terminals of the first full bridge drives a current from the second AC terminal towards the first AC terminal, while blocking a current in the respective opposite direction, and wherein the switchable freewheel path between the AC terminals of the second full bridge drives a current from the second further AC terminal towards the first further AC terminal, while blocking a current in the respective opposite direction. 14. The inverter of claim 12, wherein a first connection point between the first AC terminal and the second further AC terminal is coupled together directly or via filter elements to the first AC grid terminal, and a second connection point between the first further AC terminal and the second AC terminal is coupled together directly or via filter elements to the second AC grid terminal. 15. The inverter of claim 14, wherein the plurality of coupling inductors comprises a first coupling inductor disposed between the first connection point and the first AC terminal, a second coupling inductor disposed between the first connection point and the second further AC terminal, a third coupling inductor disposed between the second connection point and the first further AC terminal, and a fourth coupling inductors disposed between the second connection point and the second AC terminal. 16. The inverter of claim 15, wherein the first connection point and the second connection point are coupled to the first AC output terminal and to the second AC output terminal, respectively, via filter elements, wherein the filter elements comprise filter inductors with an inductance value being larger than 5 times an inductance value of the coupling inductors. 17. The inverter of claim 16, wherein the coupling inductors are formed by stray inductances of a corresponding one of the filter inductors. 18. The inverter of claim 17, wherein the inductances of the filter inductors and the inductances of the coupling inductors are dimensioned so as to substantially suppress a current through corresponding body diodes of the semiconductors switches of the first full bridge and the second full bridge. 19. A bidirectional inverter comprising DC terminals and being connectable to a three-phase grid via a first, a second and a third grid AC terminal, the inverter comprising a first subinverter, a second subinverter, and a third subinverter, wherein all inputs of the subinverters are connected in parallel together with the DC terminals, and wherein each subinverter is connected to a respective two of the grid AC terminals, and each subinverter comprises a full bridge and a switchable freewheel path, both being configured to drive a current between the respective two of the grid AC terminals in a driving direction, and configured to block a current between the respective two of the grid AC terminals in a blocking direction opposite the driving direction, wherein the first subinverter is connected to the first AC terminal and the second AC terminal, the second subinverter is connected to the second AC terminal and the third AC terminal, and the third subinverter is connected to the third AC terminal and the first AC terminal. 20. The inverter of claim 19, wherein the driving directions of the first, second and third subinverter are oriented uniformly along a closed path formed by the connections of the subinverters to the grid AC terminals. 