Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A power conversion system for converting dc power from a plurality of unstable dc sources to ac power for injection into an electric power grid, the system comprising: at least one wind-generated power collection node comprising a turbine driven ac generator having a rectified dc output; a plurality of regulated current source inverters, each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters having a plurality of switching devices for producing a multiple phase ac output, the rectified dc output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node supplying input power to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase ac output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters operating synchronously with the voltages of the electric power grid, the commutation of the plurality of switching devices in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters sequenced to produce a multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; and at least one transformer for phase shifting the multiple phase ac output currents from all of the plurality of regulated current source inverters for producing a supply of three-phase currents for injection into the electric power grid, each of the three-phase currents having a multiple stepped waveform, whereby increasing the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters increases the number of multiple steps in the multiple stepped waveform of each of the three-phase currents and decreases the total harmonic distortion of the three-phase currents. 2. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down pulsed dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in a series of successive regulation periods. 3. The power conversion system of claim 2 further comprising at least one active filter connected to the electric power grid to further decrease the total harmonic distortion of the three-phase currents. 4. The power conversion system of claim 2 wherein each of the series of successive regulation periods is synchronized with the period of the electric power grid and is less than the period of the electric power grid. 5. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down pulsed dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters independent of the instantaneous current output level from the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 6. The power conversion system of claim 1 further comprising a step-up pulsed dc current regulator at the rectified dc output of each of the at least one wind-generated power collection node, each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprising a step-down pulsed dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters. 7. The power conversion system of claim 6 further comprising at least one energy storage device connected to the output of the step-up pulsed dc current regulator. 8. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises two, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings; double delta polygon configured secondary and delta configured primary windings; and delta-wye configured secondary and wye configured primary windings. 9. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises three, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer having branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings. 10. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises four, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings; and a double delta polygon configured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings, the multiple phase ac output from each one-half of the four regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the pair of transformers. 11. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises twelve, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings; and double delta polygon configured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings. 12. The power conversion system of claim 1 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises eight, and the at least one transformer is a quadruple of phase shifting transformers, the multiple phase ac output from each one quarter of the eight regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the quadruple of the phase shifting transformers. 13. The power conversion system of claim 1 further comprising at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node comprising a photovoltaic power source having a dc solar power output, the dc solar power output supplying input power to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in parallel with the rectified dc output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 14. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the photovoltaic power source comprises a photovoltaic array. 15. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the total power output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node and the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node is at least 1.5 megawatts. 16. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down pulsed dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in a series of successive regulation periods. 17. The power conversion system of claim 16 further comprising at least one active filter connected to the electric power grid to further decrease the total harmonic distortion of the three phase currents. 18. The power conversion system of claim 16 wherein each of the series of successive regulation periods is synchronized with the period of the electric power grid and is less than the period of the electric power grid. 19. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters further comprises the combination of a step-up and step-down pulsed dc current regulator to regulate the multiple phase ac output currents from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters independent of the instantaneous current output level from the at least one wind-generated power collection node and the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node. 20. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises two, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings; double delta polygon configured secondary and delta configured primary windings, and delta-wye configured secondary and wye configured primary windings. 21. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises three, and the at least one transformer is a single transformer having branched wye-configured secondary and wye-configured primary windings. 22. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises four, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings; and a double delta polygon configured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings, the multiple phase ac output from each one half of the four regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the pair of transformers. 23. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises twelve, and the at least one transformer is a pair of transformers, each one of the pair of transformers is selected from the group consisting of: branched wye-configured secondary and zigzag wye-configured primary windings; and double delta polygon configured secondary and extended delta configured primary windings. 24. The power conversion system of claim 13 wherein the number of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises eight, and the at least one transformer is a quadruple of phase shifting transformers, the multiple phase ac output from each one quarter of the eight regulated current source inverters exclusively connected to the secondary windings of one of the quadruple of the phase shifting transformers. 25. A method of converting dc power from a plurality of unstable dc sources for injection into an electric power grid, the method comprising the steps of: supplying the dc power from at least one wind-generated power collection node having a dc current output; connecting the dc current output of each of the at least one wind-generated power collection node to a current regulator section in each one of a plurality of regulated current source inverters; regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node in the current regulator section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce an inverter regulated dc current; supplying the inverter regulated dc current to an inverter section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; sequentially commutating a plurality of switching devices in the inverter section of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to generate a multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase output from each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters out-of-phase with the respective multiple phase outputs of all other of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; and connecting the multiple phase output from each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to a phase shifting transformation network having a three phase output connected to the electric power grid whereby a three-phase current with each phase having a stepped waveform is injected into the electric power grid. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node further comprises performing a single or multi-pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation function independent of the instantaneous dc current output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprising the step of synchronizing the period of the single or multi-pulse step-up or step down dc current regulation function to the period of the electric power grid. 28. The method of claim 26 further comprising the step of performing the single or multi-pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation function to minimize current harmonic content in the three phase output connected to the electric power grid. 29. The method of claim 25 wherein the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node further comprises the step of step-up current regulating the dc current output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node to maintain the dc voltage supplied to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters from the at least one wind-generated power collection node at a regulated dc voltage value. 30. The method of claim 29 further comprising the step of storing electrical energy supplied by the at least one wind-generated power collection node at the regulated dc voltage value. 31. The method of claim 30 further comprising the step of injecting the stored electrical energy to the input of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters. 32. The method of claim 25 further comprising the steps of: supplying the dc power from at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node having a dc current output; connecting the dc current output of each of the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node to the current regulator section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in parallel with the dc current output of each one of the at least one wind-generated power collection node; and regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node in the current regulator section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in coordination with the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 33. A method of injecting a quantity of ac power into an electric power grid from a plurality of unstable dc sources, the method comprising the steps of: supplying dc power from at least one wind-generated power collection node having a dc current output; connecting the dc current output of each of the at least one wind-generated power collection node to a current regulator section in each one of a plurality of regulated current source inverters; regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node in the current regulator section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to produce an inverter regulated dc current; supplying the inverter regulated dc current to an inverter section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; sequentially commutating a plurality of switching devices in the inverter section of each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to generate a multiple phase output from each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, the multiple phase output from each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters out-of-phase with the respective multiple phase outputs of all other of the plurality of regulated current source inverters; connecting the multiple phase output from each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to a phase shifting transformation network having a three phase output connected to the electric power grid; and injecting the quantity of ac power comprising the three phase output, with each phase of the three phase output having a stepped waveform, into the electric power grid. 34. The method of claim 33 wherein the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node further comprises performing a single or multi-pulse step-up or step-down dc current regulation function independent of the instantaneous dc current output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 35. The method of claim 33 wherein the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node further comprises the step of step-up current regulating the dc current output of the at least one wind-generated power collection node to maintain the dc voltage supplied to each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters from the at least one wind-generated power collection node at a regulated dc voltage value. 36. The method of claim 33 further comprising the steps of: supplying the dc power from at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node having a dc current output; connecting the dc current output of each of the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node to the current regulator section in each one of a plurality of regulated current source inverters in parallel with the dc current output of each one of the at least one wind-generated power collection node; and regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one solar photovoltaic power collection node in the current regulator section in each one of the plurality of regulated current source inverters in coordination with the step of regulating the dc current output of all of the at least one wind-generated power collection node. 