Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar inverter device for operatively coupling to an electrical power grid, comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) module stack including a plurality of series-connected PV modules, each PV module connected in parallel with a capacitor for storing output of that PV module; a positive terminator circuit for switching a negative end of the PV module stack to ground during a positive half of grid cycle; a negative terminator for switching a positive end of the PV module stack to ground during a negative half of the grid cycle; and a connecting branch from each PV module output to a common bus, each branch including branch control circuitry configured to selectively couple the corresponding PV module output to the common bus, wherein during a first half of the grid cycle, one or more of the capacitors is discharging to the power grid while a balance of the capacitors are charging in preparation for their discharge during a second half of the grid cycle; and wherein a photovoltaic ladder configuration is provided which synthesizes a sinusoidal voltage and with approximately constant current output by sequentially closing a plurality of switches at a point in a series connection of the PV module stack that yields an output voltage of a same or greater magnitude as a line voltage of the electrical power grid. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: a current control device operatively connected to the common bus, and for operatively connecting to the electrical power grid. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein each of the connecting branches further comprises a positive cycle switch and negative cycle switch, each controlled by a corresponding drive circuit included in the branch control circuitry. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein at least some of the corresponding drive circuits include opto-couplers. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the opto-couplers are responsive to a control processor. 6. The device of claim 4 wherein the opto-couplers are automatically controlled by reacting to differences between the line voltage of the power grid and instantaneous voltage of the PV module stack series connection. 7. The device of claim 6 further comprising a constant current control circuit configured to maintain a relatively constant current through the opto-couplers. 8. The device of claim 3 further comprising: a control processor to control the control branch circuitry of each branch. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein the control processor is configured with I/O capability for receiving signals from the PV module stack and the electrical power grid, and one or more routines to generate control signals for the switches. 10. The device of claim 8 wherein: the control processor is configured to react to differences between the line voltage of the electrical power grid and an instantaneous voltage of the series connection of the PV module stack. 11. The device of claim 8 wherein: a relative voltage difference between the line voltage of the electrical power grid and the instantaneous voltage of the series connection of the PV module stack is used to operate the switches to provide a number of PV modules in series connection so their collective output voltage is higher than the line voltage, thereby allowing power to be supplied to the electrical power grid. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein in absence of a grid line voltage, no output of the PV module stack is provided to the common bus. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein during a positive half of the grid cycle, the positive terminator circuit operatively couples a first end of a current control inductor to ground and a second end of the current control inductor to the negative end of the PV module stack. 14. The device of claim 13 wherein during a negative half of the grid cycle, the negative terminator circuit operatively couples the second end of a current control inductor to ground and the first end of the current control inductor to the positive end of the PV module stack. 15. The device of claim 1 further comprising: a positive cycle enable circuit configured for detecting a positive half of the grid cycle, and for coupling a detected positive half of the grid cycle to positive cycle branch control circuits included in the branch control circuitries. 16. The device of claim 15 further comprising: a negative cycle enable circuit configured for detecting a negative half of the grid cycle, and for coupling a detected negative half of the grid cycle to negative cycle branch control circuits included in the branch control circuitries. 