Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system, comprising: at least one PV module comprising a plurality of PV cells; a plurality of sensors; and, a processing device communicatively coupled to said plurality of sensors, said processing device configured to: determine a power output of each of said plurality of PV cells; receive data from said plurality of sensors; and, identify a faulty sensor within said plurality of sensors based at least partially on the determined power output and the received data. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said plurality of sensors comprises: a first irradiance sensor associated with a first PV cell of said plurality of PV cells and configured to output a first irradiance signal associated with a solar flux at a surface of said first PV cell; and, a second irradiance sensor associated with a second PV cell of said plurality of PV cells and configured to output a second irradiance signal associated with a solar flux at a surface of said second PV cell. 3. A system in accordance with claim 2, wherein said processing device is further configured to determine a first power output of said first PV cell and a second power output of said second PV cell. 4. A system in accordance with claim 3, wherein said processing device is configured to identify said first irradiance sensor as faulty based on a comparison of said first irradiance signal and said second irradiance signal and a comparison of said first power output and said second power output. 5. A system in accordance with claim 3, wherein said processing device is further configured to generate a faulty sensor alarm signal when said first irradiance signal is different than said second irradiance signal and a difference between said first power output and said second power output is less than or equal to a predefined threshold value. 6. A system in accordance with claim 3, further comprising a memory device configured to store at least one of historical operating data and threshold values defining acceptable variance between irradiance signals and between power outputs. 7. A system in accordance with claim 6, wherein said processing device is further configured to identify said first irradiance sensor as faulty when said first irradiance signal is different than said second irradiance signal, said first power output is different than said second power output, and at least one of said first irradiance signal and said first power output is different than stored historical data. 8. A control system configured to identify faulty sensors within a photovoltaic (PV) power generation system that includes a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) cells, said control system including a processing device coupled to a plurality of sensors, each of the plurality of sensors associated with a PV cell of the plurality of PV cells, said processing device configured to: receive sensor signals from each of the plurality of sensors including a first sensor signal from a first sensor associated with a first PV cell; determine a sensor signal average; determine a power output of each of the plurality of PV cells including a first power output of the first PV cell; determine an average power output; and, identify that the first sensor is faulty based at least partially on a comparison of the first sensor signal and the sensor signal average and a comparison of the first power output and the average power output. 9. A control system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said processing device is further configured to: determine the sensor signal average based on the sensor signals output by the plurality of sensors other than the first sensor; and, determine the average power output based on the power output of the plurality of PV cells other than the first PV cell. 10. A control system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said processing device is further configured to: determine if the first sensor signal is different from the sensor signal average; determine if a difference between the first power output and the average power output is less than or equal to a predefined power output threshold value; and, generate an alarm signal indicating that the first sensor is faulty when the first sensor signal is different from the sensor signal average and the difference between the first power output and the average power output is less than or equal to the predefined power output threshold value. 11. A control system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said processing device is further configured to: determine if the first sensor signal is different from the sensor signal average; determine if the first power output is different from the average power output; and, compare at least one of the first sensor signal and the first power output to stored historical data to determine if the first sensor is faulty when the first sensor signal is different from the second sensor signal and the first power output is different from the average power output. 12. A control system in accordance with claim 8, wherein said processing device is further configured to access stored threshold values that define an acceptable variance between irradiance signals and between power outputs. 13. A method for monitoring operation of a first sensor of a plurality of sensors within a photovoltaic (PV) power generation system, the PV power generation system including a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) cells and a system controller, said method comprising: receiving, at the system controller, a first sensor signal from the first sensor, the first sensor associated with a first PV cell of the plurality of PV cells; receiving, at the system controller, a second sensor signal from a second sensor, the second sensor associated with a second PV cell of the plurality of PV cells; determining, using the controller, a first power output of the first PV cell and a second power output of the second PV cell; and, determining, using the system controller, the first sensor is faulty based at least partially on a comparison of the first sensor signal and the second sensor signal and a comparison of the first power output and the second power output. 14. A method in accordance with claim 13, further comprising generating an alarm signal that identifies the first sensor as faulty. 15. A method in accordance with claim 13, wherein determining the first sensor is faulty comprises: determining, using the system controller, that the first sensor signal is different from the second sensor signal; and, determining, using the system controller, that a difference between the first power output and the second power output is less than or equal to a predefined power output threshold value. 16. A method in accordance with claim 13, wherein determining the first sensor is faulty comprises: determining that the first sensor signal is different from the second sensor signal; determining that the first power output is different from the second power output; and, determining that at least one of the first sensor signal and the first power output is different from stored historical data. 17. A method in accordance with claim 13, further comprising: receiving, at the system controller, a third sensor signal from a third sensor associated with a third PV cell of the plurality of PV cells; and, determining a third power output of the third PV cell. 18. A method in accordance with claim 17, further comprising: averaging the second sensor signal and the third sensor signal to determine an average sensor signal; and, averaging the second power output and the third power output to determine an average power output. 19. A method in accordance with claim 18, further comprising determining the first sensor is faulty based at least partially on a comparison of the first sensor signal and the average sensor signal and a comparison of the first power output and the average power output. 20. A method in accordance with claim 13, further comprising selecting the first sensor, the second sensor, and the third sensor from the plurality of sensors based on a relative location of the first sensor, the second sensor, and the third sensor. 