Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An inverter, comprising: a half-bridge circuit, comprising: four switches connected in series between first and second DC input terminals of the inverter, wherein the four switches further comprise: first and second inner switches connected together at an output node of the inverter, wherein the first and second inner switches are configured to switch at a first frequency associated with a mains frequency; first and second outer switches, wherein the first outer switch is coupled between the first inner switch and the first DC input terminal, and wherein the second outer switch is coupled between the second inner switch and the second DC input terminal, and wherein the first and second outer switches are configured to switch at a second frequency that is greater than the first frequency; an intermediate circuit comprising two series-connected capacitances coupled across the first and second DC input terminals, and coupled together at a center node that is coupled to a predetermined potential, wherein the half-bridge circuit further comprises: a first free-wheeling diode coupled between a node connecting the first inner switch and the first outer switch, and the predetermined potential; and a second free-wheeling diode coupled between a node connecting the second inner switch and the second outer switch, and the predetermined potential, wherein the first and second inner switches are thermally isolated from the first and second outer switches. 2. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes are thermally isolated from the first and second inner switches. 3. The inverter of claim 2, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes are in a same thermal environment as the first and second outer switches. 4. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the first and second inner switches form a first component assembly, and the first and second outer switches form a second component assembly, and wherein the first and second component assemblies are separate from one another. 5. The inverter of claim 4, further comprising first and second series-connected supporting capacitors collectively coupled in parallel with the intermediate circuit, wherein the first and second series-connected capacitors are located spatially in close physical proximity to the first and second outer switches in the second component assembly, thereby minimizing parasitic inductances in the second component assembly. 6. The inverter of claim 4, wherein the first component assembly is thermally coupled to a first heat sink structure, and wherein the second component assembly is thermally coupled to a second heat sink structure, wherein the first and second heat sink structures are thermally isolated from one another. 7. The inverter of claim 4, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes form a portion of the second component assembly. 8. The inverter of claim 1, wherein a switching slope of the first and second outer switches is steeper than a switching slope of the first and second inner switches. 9. The inverter of claim 1, wherein the first and second outer switches comprise SiC FETs. 10. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the first and second inner switches comprise silicon MOSFETs or IGBTs. 11. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes comprise SiC Schottky diodes. 12. An inverter, comprising: a full-bridge circuit forming an input of the inverter configured to receive a DC input voltage, comprising: first and second top switches; first and second bottom switches series-coupled to the first and second top switches, respectively, at respective first and second terminals that form first and second output nodes of the inverter; first and second free-wheeling diodes coupled in parallel to the first and second top switches, respectively, wherein the first and second top switches are configured to switch at a first frequency associated with a mains frequency, wherein the first and second bottom switches are configured to switch at a second frequency that is greater than the first frequency, and wherein the first and second top switches are thermally isolated from the first and second bottom switches. 13. The inverter of claim 12, further comprising first and second output chokes coupled to the first and second output nodes, respectively. 14. The inverter of claim 12, wherein the first and second top switches form a first component assembly, the first and second bottom switches comprise a second component assembly, and wherein the first and second component assemblies are separate from one another. 15. The inverter of claim 14, wherein the first component assembly is thermally coupled to a first heat sink structure, and wherein the second component assembly is thermally coupled to a second heat sink structure, wherein the first and second heat sink structures are thermally isolated from one another. 16. The inverter of claim 15, wherein the second heat sink structure has a larger heat capacity than the first heat sink structure. 17. The inverter of claim 15, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes form a portion of the second component assembly. 18. The inverter of claim 14, further comprising a capacitor electrically connected in parallel to the input of the full-bridge circuit, and located spatially in close physical proximity to the first and second bottom switches in the second component assembly, thereby minimizing parasitic inductances in the second component assembly. 19. The inverter of claim 12, wherein a first node coupled to the first and second top switches, and a second node coupled to the first and second bottom switches form the input of the full-bridge circuit, the inverter further comprising another switch coupled to the first node, wherein the another switch is configured to switch at the second frequency. 20. The inverter of claim 12, wherein a switching slope of the first and second bottom switches is steeper than a switching slope of the first and second top switches. 21. The inverter of claim 12, wherein the first and second bottom switches comprise SiC FETs. 22. The inverter of claim 21, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes comprise SiC Schottky diodes. 23. The inverter of claim 21, wherein the first and second top switches comprise silicon MOSFETs or IGBTs. 24. The inverter of claim 12, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes are thermally isolated from the first and second top switches. 25. The inverter of claim 24, wherein the first and second free-wheeling diodes are in a same thermal environment as the first and second bottom switches. 