Claims I claim: 1. A photovoltaic roofing panel, comprising: a support plate, a riser extending from an upstream edge of the support plate to an end that is elevated above the support plate, a receiving flange having a trough and extending over the support plate from the end of the riser to the trough in a direction towards a downstream edge of the support plate, the trough extending along the receiving flange for receiving water flowing down the roof and distributing the water over the support plate, a hem extending from a downstream edge of the support plate shaped to engage at least a portion of a receiving flange of an adjacent downstream roofing panel, and a photovoltaic material disposed over the support plate with an upstream edge of the photovoltaic material being disposed under the receiving flange, wherein the support plate, riser, receiving flange, and hem together comprise a single piece of sheet metal, and wherein the trough has a bottom that is spaced from the support plate such that the photovoltaic material and hem of an adjacent upstream roofing panel can fit under the trough between the support plate and trough, the hem having at least one weep hole to permit water received from the trough of the adjacent downstream roofing panel to exit the hem onto the adjacent downstream roofing panel at a location below the upstream edge of the photovoltaic material of the adjacent downstream roofing panel. 2. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein the trough defines at least one weep hole for draining water from the trough into the hem of the adjacent upstream roofing panel. 3. The roofing panel of claim 2 wherein each of the one or more weep holes in the trough are aligned with a corresponding one of the weep holes in the hem. 4. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein the hem engages the bottom of the trough of the adjacent downstream roofing panel. 5. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic material is flexible. 6. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein an adhesive is disposed between the photovoltaic material and the support plate. 