Claims What is claimed is: 1. An imaging system for reading residential and/or commercial meters, the imaging system comprising: a transmission element that attaches to an external location of a meter, the transmission element selectively communicating a reading signal corresponding to a meter value; an imaging unit located within said transmission element that images the meter value at a prescribed frequency; and a transceiving arrangement that receives the reading signal communication from said transmission element, the transceiving arrangement further comprising a converter that analyzes and converts the reading signal communication to a use signal. 2. The imaging system of claim 1 wherein said transceiving arrangement converter employs optical character recognition for converting the reading signal communication. 3. The imaging system of claim 1 further comprising at least one monitoring system in remote communication with said transceiving arrangement, said monitoring system receiving a use signal that includes a use value displayed on said monitoring system. 4. The imaging system of claim 1 wherein said transceiving arrangement is remotely located from said transmission element. 5. The imaging system of claim 3 wherein said monitoring system is remotely located from said transceiving arrangement. 6. The imaging system of claim 1 wherein said transmission element further comprises a WAN antenna for selectively communicating a reading signal corresponding to a meter value to said transceiving arrangement. 7. The imaging system of claim 6 wherein said transmission element further comprises a solar panel comprising a plurality of solar cells coupled to a power storage source that collectively power said transmission element. 8. The imaging system of claim 1 wherein said communicating a reading signal corresponding to a meter value is transmitted from said transmission element by a wireless communication protocol. 9. The imaging system of claim 1 wherein said communicating a reading signal corresponding to a meter value is transmitted from said transmission element by a modem. 10. A method of imaging and transmitting an image captured from residential and/or commercial utility meters, the method comprising: attaching a transmission element to an external location of a utility meter; imaging at a prescribed frequency a utility meter value on the utility meter with an imaging unit, the imaging unit being fixedly attached to said transmission element; communicating from the transmission element a reading signal corresponding to the image utility meter value captured by said imaging unit; receiving said reading signal sent from the transmission element with a transceiving arrangement; converting said reading signal communication with a converter located within said transceiving arrangement to a use signal comprising a use value; and transmitting said use signal to at least one monitoring system in remote communication with said transceiving arrangement, said monitoring system receiving said use signal that includes said use value displayed on said monitoring system. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising remotely locating said transceiving arrangement from said monitoring system. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising remotely locating said transmission element from said transceiving arrangement. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising powering said transmission element with one of a plurality of solar cells, a battery, and a super capacitor. 14. The method of claim 11 further comprising transmitting said use signal and reading signal via a wireless communication protocol. 15. An imaging system for reading residential and/or commercial utility meters, the imaging system comprising: a transmission element that attaches to an external location of a utility meter, the transmission element selectively communicating a reading signal corresponding to a utility meter value, the transmission element comprising: an antenna for transmitting said reading signal using a wireless communication protocol; a plurality of solar cells providing a source of power to said transmission element; and an imaging unit located within said transmission element that images the utility meter value at a prescribed frequency; a transceiving arrangement that receives the reading signal communication from said transmission element, the transceiving arrangement further comprising a converter that analyzes and converts the reading signal communication to a use signal comprising a use value; and at least one monitoring system in remote communication with said transceiving arrangement, said monitoring system receiving said use signal that includes said use value displayed on said monitoring system. 16. The imaging system of claim 15 wherein said transceiving arrangement converter employs optical character recognition for decoding the reading signal communication. 17. The imaging system of claim 15 herein said transceiving arrangement is remotely located from said transmission element. 18. The imaging system of claim 15 herein said monitoring system is remotely located from said transceiving arrangement. 19. The imaging system of claim 15 wherein said communicating a reading signal corresponding to a utility meter value is transmitted from said transmission element by a wireless communication protocol. 20. The imaging system of claim 15 wherein said communicating a reading signal corresponding to a utility meter value is transmitted from said transmission element by a modem. 