Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar converter apparatus for converting incoming light to electricity, comprising: a) a support structure for floating on a liquid bath, the structure having: i) a substantially fixed relationship to an incoming light axis that is parallel to useful incoming light, ii) an elevation rotation axis at a fixed azimuth alignment angle from the incoming light axis, the support structure being rotatable about the elevation rotation axis, and iii) guidance interface features connecting the support structure to a guidance frame that aligns the elevation rotation axis at the fixed azimuth alignment angle to an azimuth of the source of incoming light, and that provide a rotation reference for the support structure rotation about the elevation rotation axis to align the incoming light axis with the source of incoming light; b) at least one photovoltaic conversion device mounted within the support structure and adapted for converting concentrated sunlight into electricity; and c) a lens coupled to the support structure for guiding light that is parallel to the incoming light axis and is received over a receiving region toward a conversion device that is mounted within the support structure, the conversion device having an active area that is smaller than an area of the receiving region; wherein the liquid bath is a coolant that provides primary cooling of the conversion device through thermal contact with an exterior of the support structure. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic mounting is on an inside of an exterior wall that in operation is in contact with the liquid bath at a point directly transverse the wall from a point of the mounting. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the support structure is a first support structure, and is disposed in contact with a liquid bath in an array of support structures, substantially abutting adjacent support structures that each have an elevation rotation axis parallel to and in a plane with the elevation rotation axis of the first support structure. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein light parallel to the incoming light axis that enters with uniform density across an entire surface of the lens exits the lens at angles with respect to the incoming light axis, an average of all such exiting light angles defining a light delivery axis, the light delivery axis having a significant non-zero angle with respect to the incoming light axis. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiving region of the lens is subject to shadowing that causes substantially non-uniform illumination of the receiving region of the lens, the apparatus further comprising a shadow toleration mechanism that coordinates light entering through the lens with each target photovoltaic conversion device to avoid substantially non-uniform illumination of operating photovoltaic conversion devices due to such shadowing. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of subregions of the lens that each receive light substantially parallel to the incoming light axis over a corresponding receiving subregion, wherein each subregion is configured to disperse the received light substantially uniformly over an entire surface of at least one corresponding target photovoltaic conversion device. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein during operation the incoming light axis is aligned with a light source elevation angle, and the support structure floats in a coolant bath that has an average surface plane, the apparatus further comprising a device mounting site within the support structure, upon which a photovoltaic converter device is mounted, which during operation is below the coolant bath average surface plane for all light source elevation angles within 45 degrees from vertical. 8. A method of collecting incoming light for conversion to electricity, comprising: a) mounting a conversion device at a mounting site within a support structure having an elevation rotation axis; b) coupling a lens to the support structure to concentrate and guide incident light arriving parallel to an incoming light axis toward the conversion device; c) floating the support structure on a liquid bath; d) aligning the support structure so that the elevation rotation axis is at an azimuth alignment angle with respect to a source of light energy; e) rotating the support structure about the elevation rotation axis to align the incoming light axis toward the source of light energy; and f) cooling the conversion device primarily through thermal contact between the liquid bath and an exterior of the support structure. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising cooling the conversion device primarily through thermal contact between the liquid bath and an exterior of a wall of the support structure, the wall having an interior upon which the conversion device is mounted opposite an expected area of contact with the liquid bath, such that in operation at least one line perpendicular to the wall traverses the conversion device mounting on an immediate inside of the wall and the liquid bath on an immediate outside of the wall. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the support structure, lens and conversion device are part of a first collection pontoon, further comprising substantially abutting the first collection pontoon in an array with adjacent collection pontoons that each have an elevation rotation axis parallel to and in a plane with the elevation rotation axis of the support structure of the first collection pontoon. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein a light delivery axis is defined as a line that intersects the incoming light axis at a center of the lens and has an angle with respect to the incoming light axis that is equal to an average angle of light exiting the lens when such light entered the lens parallel to the incoming light axis and uniformly distributed over an entire surface of the lens, the method further comprising configuring the lens to have the light delivery axis at a significantly non-zero angle with respect to the incoming light axis. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein the lens has a light receiving region, further comprising incorporating into the receiving region a multiplicity of receiving subregions that each receive light arriving parallel to the incoming light axis, and that each disperse such received light substantially uniformly over an entire surface of a target conversion device. 13. The method of claim 8 wherein the liquid bath is a coolant bath having an average surface plane, the method further comprising positioning the conversion device mounting site below the coolant bath average surface plane for all light source elevation angles within 45 degrees from vertical. 14. The method of claim 8, further comprising incorporating a light source direction sensor within each pontoon. 