Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multi-mode renewable power converter system, comprising: a control unit having an input, an output and a control terminal for tracking and controlling the system; a boost converter for converting a low voltage DC power to high voltage DC, wherein the high voltage DC is output to a DC bus; and an inverter connected to the DC bus and the output of the boost converter, the inverter converting the high voltage DC power to AC applied to a standalone load or a grid-connected system; wherein the inverter is controlled by the control unit to be operated with the standalone load or the grid-connected system. 2. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit has a built-in MPPT circuit function to allow the DC output from the renewable power source to reach the maximum power point. 3. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the boost converter is connected to a renewable power source to receive the low voltage DC power. 4. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the boost converter is connected to a renewable power source to receive the low voltage DC power. 5. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the renewable power source is a solar panel. 6. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 4, wherein the renewable power source is a solar panel. 7. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the boost converter includes a PWM controller, at least one switch and one choke connected to the DC bus for controlling the voltage level on the bus. 8. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the switch is a MOSFET device with the gate electrode being connected to a control terminal of the PWM controller. 9. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the inverter comprises: a full bridge conversion unit; a voltage feedback loop connected to the output of the full bridge conversion unit through a voltage output detector is for monitoring the voltage output from the full bridge conversion unit; a current feedback loop connected to the output of the full bridge conversion unit through a current detector is for monitoring the current output from the full bridge a mode control switch being connected in between the voltage feedback loop and the current feedback loop is directly controlled by the control unit; and a PWM controller is connected to the output of the voltage feedback loop and the current loop, and multiple output terminals of the PWM controller are respectively connected to the input of the full bridge conversion unit. 10. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the full bridge conversion unit is formed by two pairs of alternating switches and a filter, wherein control terminals of the switches are respectively connected to the inputs of the full bridge conversion unit, and the input of the filter is connected to the output of the full bridge conversion unit. 11. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the voltage feedback loop is formed by a subtractor and a reference sine wave generator, wherein the subtractor is connected to the output of the full bridge conversion unit and the reference sine wave generator. 12. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the current feedback loop is formed by a multiplier, a subtractor and a reference sine wave generator, wherein input terminals of the multiplier is connected to the output of the MPPT circuit and the output of the reference sine wave generator, and the output of the multiplier is connected to the input of the subtractor, and after subtraction with the current output signal from the full bridge conversion unit a difference value is recorded by the PWM controller. 13. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the bi-directional charger includes a charge control circuit and a discharge control circuit, wherein the operation of the charge and discharge control circuits are directly controlled by the control unit. 14. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the bi-directional charger includes a charge mode controller and a discharge mode controller, wherein the operation of the mode controllers are directly controlled by the control unit. 15. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the bi-directional charger includes a charge mode controller and a discharge mode controller, wherein the operation of the mode controllers are directly controlled by the control unit. 16. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 13, wherein the bi-directional charger includes a first switch, a second switch, a choke, and a charge current control circuit, wherein the first and second switches are each formed by a PWM controller and a transistor, and each switch is connected by a parasitic or an external diode in parallel; the choke is connected between the first and second switches, and also connected to the DC bus through the second switch; and the charge current control circuit includes a comparator and a voltage control resistor, where input terminals of the comparator are respectively connected to the control output and voltage reference signal of the control unit, and the output of the storage battery, whilst the voltage output terminal of the comparator is connected to the voltage control resistor for adjusting the resistance value, the voltage control resistor further connected to the current output of the MPPT circuit to control the voltage input to the second switch. 17. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 16, wherein the transistors of the first switch and the second switch are MOSFET devices, and the gate electrode of the MOSFET device is connected to the control terminal of the PWM controller. 18. The multi-mode renewable power converter system as claimed in claim 1, wherein an bi-directional charger is connected to the DC bus and controlled by the control unit. 