Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module kit for non-penetrating installation on a substantially flat installation surface, the kit comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules each including: a photovoltaic laminate, a framework encompassing a perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate and forming a mounting region; and a plurality of connectors including: a male connector having a male fastener extending from a head, a female connector having a female fastener adapted for engagement with the male fastener and assembled within a head, wherein the male and female fasteners are metal; wherein the kit is configured to provide a mounted array state having a first junction at which the mounting regions of at least two of the photovoltaic modules are aligned and interconnected by engagement of the male connector with the female connector, the first junction being substantially electrically insulated, wherein the first junction includes the metal fasteners substantially encompassed within plastic, wherein the male fastener is a bolt having a shaft defining a length, and further wherein the first junction includes contiguously arranged plastic components forming a passageway, a length of the passageway combined with a thickness of the head of the female connector being greater than the length of the bolt. 2. The kit of claim 1, wherein the bolt has a base embedded within the head of the male connector. 3. The kit of claim 2, wherein the female connector is a nut embedded within the corresponding head. 4. The kit of claim 1, wherein the plurality of connectors further includes: a spacer connector including a head forming a bore sized to slidably receive a portion of the male fastener. 5. The kit of claim 4, wherein the heads are identical. 6. The kit of claim 5, wherein each of the heads has a circular perimeter forming a plurality of finger grooves. 7. The kit of claim 4, wherein the first junction further includes two of the spacer connectors. 8. The kit of claim 1, wherein the frame of each of the photovoltaic modules is entirely formed of plastic. 9. The kit of claim 1, wherein the heads are entirely formed of plastic. 10. A photovoltaic module kit for non-penetrating installation on a substantially flat installation surface, the kit comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules each including: a photovoltaic laminate, a framework encompassing a perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate and forming a mounting region; and a plurality of connectors including: a male connector having a male fastener extending from a head, a female connector having a female fastener adapted for engagement with the male fastener and assembled within a head, wherein the heads are identical, and a spacer connector including a head forming a bore sized to slidably receive a portion of the male fastener; wherein the kit is configured to provide a mounted array state having a first junction at which the mounting regions of at least two of the photovoltaic modules are aligned and interconnected by engagement of the male connector with the female connector, the first junction being substantially electrically insulated. 11. The kit of claim 10, wherein the male and female fasteners are metal, wherein the first junction includes the metal fasteners substantially encompassed within plastic, wherein the male fastener is a bolt having a shaft defining a length, and further wherein the first junction includes contiguously arranged plastic components forming a passageway, a length of the passageway combined with a thickness of the head of the female connector being greater than the length of the bolt, and wherein the bolt has a base embedded within the head of the male connector. 12. The kit of claim 11, wherein the female connector is a nut embedded within the corresponding head. 13. The kit of claim 10, wherein each of the heads has a circular perimeter forming a plurality of finger grooves. 14. The kit of claim 10, wherein the first junction further includes two of the spacer connectors. 15. The kit of claim 10, wherein the frame of each of the photovoltaic modules is entirely formed of plastic. 16. The kit of claim 10, wherein the heads are entirely formed of plastic. 17. A photovoltaic module kit for non-penetrating installation on a substantially flat installation surface, the kit comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules each including: a photovoltaic laminate, a framework encompassing a perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate and forming a mounting region; and a plurality of connectors including: a male connector having a male fastener extending from a head, a female connector having a female fastener adapted for engagement with the male fastener and assembled within a head, and a spacer connector including a head forming a bore sized to slidably receive a portion of the male fastener; wherein the kit is configured to provide a mounted array state having a first junction at which the mounting regions of at least two of the photovoltaic modules are aligned and interconnected by engagement of the male connector with the female connector, the first junction being substantially electrically insulated, and wherein the first junction further includes two of the spacer connectors. 18. The kit of claim 17, wherein the male and female fasteners are metal, wherein the first junction includes the metal fasteners substantially encompassed within plastic, wherein the male fastener is a bolt having a shaft defining a length, and further wherein the first junction includes contiguously arranged plastic components forming a passageway, a length of the passageway combined with a thickness of the head of the female connector being greater than the length of the bolt, and wherein the bolt has a base embedded within the head of the male connector. 19. The kit of claim 18, wherein the female connector is a nut embedded within the corresponding head. 20. The kit of claim 17, wherein each of the heads has a circular perimeter forming a plurality of finger grooves. 21. The kit of claim 17, wherein the frame of each of the photovoltaic modules is entirely formed of plastic. 22. The kit of claim 17, wherein the heads are entirely formed of plastic. 