Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A panel box for the electrical connection of a photovoltaic module for a solar installation, the panel box comprising: a base piece for mounting on the photovoltaic module and for the electrical connection of a connection line of the photovoltaic module; and an other part for placement on the base piece, wherein the other part is a functional part comprising at least one functional device that performs an electrical and/or electronic function, wherein a first of said at least one functional device is a connection device for a connection cable, said connection device being in the form of a tube into which a conduction lead of the connection cable can be introduced to achieve electrical contact between the conduction lead and the tube, wherein a junction device is provided in the base piece for establishing electrical connection between the connection line of the photovoltaic module and the connection device, and wherein the junction device is a spring clip by means of which the connection line can be pressed against the connection device. 2. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the functional part can be secured solely by means of the base piece to the photovoltaic module. 3. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein said functional part further comprises a bypass diode as a second functional device. 4. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein said functional part further comprises an electrical or electronic protection circuit for the photovoltaic module as a second functional device. 5. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein said functional part further comprises the connection cable for the photovoltaic module as a second functional device. 6. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the conduction lead in the tube makes electrical contact by means of a crimping and is held in the tube by means of the crimping. 7. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the functional part is configured as a hood. 8. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the panel box can be closed by placing the functional part on top of the base piece. 9. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the base piece has a bottom side intended for mounting on the photovoltaic module, said bottom side having a caulking recess facing the photovoltaic module. 10. The panel box according to claim 9, wherein the caulking recess is arranged so that when the base piece is placed on the photovoltaic module, the region of emergence of the connection lines from the photovoltaic module can be caulked. 11. The panel box according to claim 9, wherein the caulking recess comprises a continuous opening provided in the bottom side of the base piece for the connection line of the photovoltaic module. 12. The panel box according to claim 1, further comprising a gasket for providing a seal between the base piece and the other part, the gasket being configured and arranged so that an impact acting on the other part is cushioned. 13. The panel box according to claim 12, wherein the gasket seals sideways against side walls of the other part, and wherein the other part has ribs that lie against the gasket so that the side walls of the other part are at a distance from the base piece. 