Description TECHNICAL FIELD This invention relates to a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. BACKGROUND Photovoltaic modules can be mounted to a mounting framework attached to a support structure, such as a roof, the ground, or a ground pad. The mounting framework can be installed on the support structure using a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). The installation process can be time-consuming and complicated. Traditional approaches can makes rapid and safe removing or reconfiguration of a photovoltaic array challenging or expensive. DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a perspective view of an embodiment of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system with plurality of mounted photovoltaic modules. FIG. 2 is a top view of an embodiment of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system with plurality of mounted photovoltaic modules. FIG. 3 is a top view of an embodiment of a ballasted footer of the rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 3A is a cross-section view taken along line A-A in FIG. 3. FIG. 3B is a cross-section view taken along line B-B in FIG. 3. FIG. 4 is a profile view of an embodiment of an adder block of the rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 4A is a bottom view of an embodiment of an adder block of the rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 4B is a perspective view of an embodiment of an adder block of the photovoltaic module mounting system positioned adjacent to a ballasted footer. FIG. 5 is a top view of an embodiment of a rail of the rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 5A is a cross-section view taken along line C-C in FIG. 5. FIG. 6 is a profile view of a portion of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 7 is a profile view of a portion of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 8 is a perspective view of an embodiment of a wind deflector of the photovoltaic module mounting system. FIG. 9 is a top view of the wind deflector of the rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system in FIG. 8. FIG. 9A is a cross-section view taken along line D-D in FIG. 9. FIG. 9B is a cross-section view taken along line E-E in FIG. 9. FIG. 10 is a partial cross-sectional view of an embodiment of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system with a mounted photovoltaic module. FIG. 11 is a perspective view of another embodiment of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system with plurality of mounted conduits. FIG. 12 is a perspective view of an embodiment of a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system with plurality of mounted photovoltaic modules and conduits. DETAILED DESCRIPTION Photovoltaic modules generally are mounted to a mounting framework attached to a support structure, such as a roof, the ground, or a ground pad. Normally, the mounting framework is installed on the support structure using a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). To make the mounting framework installation easier and more flexible, a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system is developed without any hardware connection to the support structure. In one aspect, a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system may include a ballasted footer and a photovoltaic module mounting framework. The ballasted footer may include a rectangular base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the rectangular base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the rectangular base. The photovoltaic module mounting framework may have two or more rails. Each rail can be attached to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer and configured to accommodate a hardware connector. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system may further include a wind deflector adjacent to the ballasted footer. The wind deflector can have a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. The arc-shaped panel of the wind deflector can have a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. The wind deflector can include aluminum or steel. The wind deflector can be made of galvanized sheet. The ballasted footer can include concrete. The ballasted footer can include a ferrule loop insert. The ferrule loop insert can be electrically wire bonded. The rail of photovoltaic module mounting framework can include a rectangular top plate, a first side wall, a second side wall, a first base plate, and a second base plate. The rectangular top plate can have a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge. The first side wall can extend from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The first side wall can have a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The second side wall can extend from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The second side wall can have a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The first base plate can extend from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall. The second base plate can extend from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. The rail can be made of galvanized steel. In another aspect, a rooftop photovoltaic array may include a ballasted footer, a photovoltaic module mounting framework having two or more rails, a wind deflector, a photovoltaic module mounting bracket attached to each rail, and a photovoltaic module attached the photovoltaic module mounting framework by the photovoltaic module mounting bracket. The ballasted footer may include a rectangular base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the rectangular base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the rectangular base. Each rail of the photovoltaic module mounting framework can be attached to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer and configured to accommodate a hardware connector. The wind deflector can have a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. The arc-shaped panel of the wind deflector can have a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. The wind deflector can include aluminum or steel. The wind deflector can be made of galvanized sheet. The ballasted footer can include concrete. The ballasted footer can include a ferrule loop insert. The ferrule loop insert can be electrically wire bonded. The rail of photovoltaic module mounting framework can include a rectangular top plate, a first side wall, a second side wall, a first base plate, and a second base plate. The rectangular top plate can have a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge. The first side wall can extend from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The first side wall can have a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The second side wall can extend from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The second side wall can have a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The first base plate can extend from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall. The second base plate can extend from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. The rail can be made of galvanized steel. In another aspect, a method of installing a photovoltaic array may include the steps of positioning a ballasted footer having a rectangular base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the rectangular base, and a second mounting adjacent to the second end of the rectangular base on the rooftop, positioning two or more rails configured to accommodate a hardware connector adjacent to the ballasted footer and attaching each rail to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer, positioning a wind deflector adjacent to the ballasted footer, attaching two or more photovoltaic modules together with two or more photovoltaic module clips, mounting the photovoltaic modules to the rails using one or more photovoltaic module mounting brackets, and positioning a conduit between the modules and the ballasted footer. The wind deflector can have a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. The arc-shaped wind deflector panel can have a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. The wind deflector can include aluminum or steel. The wind deflector can be made of galvanized sheet. The ballasted footer can include concrete. The ballasted footer can include a ferrule loop insert. The ferrule loop insert can be electrically wire bonded. The rail of photovoltaic module mounting framework can include a rectangular top plate, a first side wall, a second side wall, a first base plate, and a second base plate. The rectangular top plate can have a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge. The first side wall can extend from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The first side wall can have a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The second side wall can extend from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate. The second side wall can have a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate. The first base plate can extend from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall. The second base plate can extend from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. The rail can be made of galvanized steel. In another aspect, a method of installing a photovoltaic array may include the steps of positioning plurality of ballasted footers in a staggered manner on the rooftop (each ballasted footer may have a rectangular base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the rectangular base, and a second mounting adjacent to the second end of the rectangular base), positioning plurality of rails adjacent to the ballasted footers (each rail may be attached to the first or second mounting post of a ballasted footer and configured to accommodate a hardware connector), positioning plurality of wind deflectors adjacent to the ballasted footers (each wind deflector is attached two non-adjacent ballasted footers), attaching two or more photovoltaic modules together with two or more photovoltaic module clips, mounting the photovoltaic modules to the rails using one or more photovoltaic module mounting brackets, and positioning plurality of conduits between the modules and the ballasted footers. The ballasted footers may include concrete. The wind deflector may have an arc-shaped panel with a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. FIG. 1 shows a photovoltaic module mounting system 100 which can be mounted on a surface, such as a rooftop. Mounting system 100 includes ballasted footers 1 which are positioned on the rooftop in the hold of mounting system 100 and mounted photovoltaic modules 4 to provide support and enhance stability. Ballasted footers 1 can include a rectangular base and two mounting posts, with one mounting post at each end of the base. Ballasted footers 1 can be positioned on an area of a rooftop to define an area of mounting system 100. For example, ballasted footers 1 can be arranged in a pattern of rows and columns. FIG. 1 depicts a portion of mounting system 100 including three columns and five rows of ballasted footers 1, forming a partial mounting framework 5 for two rows of nine photovoltaic modules 4. As shown in FIG. 1, a first column includes three ballasted footers 1 aligned with an end of wind deflector 6 and oriented end-to-end. Ballasted footers 1 in the first column can be spaced a distance which can be equal to the distance between the two mounting posts on a single ballasted footer 1. Ballasted footer 1 in the first column adjacent to wind deflector 6 includes a first mounting post to which a mounting point of wind deflector 6 is attached and a second mounting post to which a rail 2 is attached. Middle ballasted footer 1 in the first column shown in FIG. 1 has two mounting posts, each of which has another rail 2 attached. Ballasted footer 1 in the first column shown in FIG. 1 has a first mounting post closest to wind deflector 6, to which a rail 2 is attached and a second mounting post (not shown) which is unattached or which can be attached to another rail 2 or another wind deflector 6. Mounting system 100 shown in FIG. 1 includes a second column including two ballasted footers 1. Second-column ballasted footer 1 closer to wind deflector 6 includes two mounting posts. The first mounting post (closer to wind deflector 6) can be connected to rail 2 attached to the first-column ballasted footer 1 adjacent to wind deflector 6. The second mounting post can be connected to rail 2 attached to the middle first-column ballasted footer 1 (connected at the mounting post closer to wind deflector 6). Second-column ballasted footer 1 further from wind deflector 6 includes two mounting posts, with the first mounting post (closer to wind deflector 6) connected to rail 2 attached to the middle first-column ballasted footer 1 (connected at the mounting post further from wind deflector 6). The second mounting post can be connected to rail 2 attached to the first-column ballasted footer 1 furthest from wind deflector 6 (connected at the mounting post closer to wind deflector 6). In this manner, the second-column ballasted footers 1 can be staggered compared to first-column ballasted footers 1. (FIG. 7 shows mounting system 100 without modules 4 revealing staggered positioning of alternate columns of ballasted footers 1.) Mounting system 100 showing in FIG. 1 includes a third column of three ballasted footers 1. The three third-column ballasted footers 1 are positioned such that the mounting posts in the third column can be aligned with the first-column mounting posts. For example, third-column ballasted footer 1 adjacent to wind deflector 6 includes a mounting post to which a mounting point of wind deflector 6 is attached. Rail 2 attached to the second mounting post of third-column ballasted footer 1 adjacent to wind deflector 6 is attached to the first-column ballasted footer 1 adjacent to wind deflector 6. Ballasted footer 1 can be made of concrete, which can be precast to form ballasted footer 1 into a desired form. Ballasted footer 1 can be made of metal, such as aluminum. Ballasted footer 1 can be formed in any suitable manner, including by casting, forging, molding, stamping, or carving. Rails 2 forming photovoltaic module mounting framework 5 can be configured to be attached to ballasted footers 1 by any suitable means, including attaching to ferrule loop inserts included in the mounting posts of ballasted footers 1, or attaching a hardware connector, such as a rod, connected to ballasted footer 1, for example a threaded rod set in concrete cast to form ballasted footer 1. Rails 2 can be configured to position and secure photovoltaic modules 4 in an array. Rails 2 can include any suitable hardware connectors (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). Photovoltaic modules 4 can be attached to photovoltaic module mounting framework 5 with mounting brackets 7 and mounting spacers 3. A mounting bracket 7 secures a portion of an edge of module 4 at a point where rail 2 attaches to a mounting post of a ballasted footer 1. Mounting bracket 7 can secure a portion of a single module 4 (as in the first column of ballasted footers 1 in FIG. 1) or can secure a portion of each of two modules 4 (as in the second column of ballasted footers 1 in FIG. 1). Mounting spacer 3 secures a portion of an edge of module 4 at a position on rail 2 not adjacent to a mounting post of a ballasted footer 1. The columns and rows of positioned ballasted footers 1 (such as the three columns and five rows shown in FIG. 1) can form a staggered arrangement where each ballasted footer 1 in half the columns is attached to rails 2 supporting two rows of modules 4 and each ballasted footer 1 in the alternate columns is attached to rails 2 supporting a single row of modules 4. As shown in FIG. 1, the mounting posts of each ballasted footer 1 in the first column is positioned under two rows of modules and the mounting posts of each ballasted footer 1 in the second column is positioned under one row of module. Additional columns and rows of ballasted footers 1 can be added to the configuration shown in FIG. 1 to cover an area of a surface such as a rooftop. Referring to FIG. 2, a top view of mounting system 100 is shown. FIG. 2 shows the staggered positioning of ballasted footers 1. Ballasted footers 1 can have different sizes and shapes and can be made of different materials. For example, ballasted footers 1 located near the perimeter of mounting system 100 can be made of concrete and ballasted footers 1 in the interior portion of mounting system 100 can be a metal such as aluminum. Ballasted footers 1 can support rails 2 to form a mounting framework 5. Modules 4 are mounted on mounting framework 5. Modules can be connected to mounting framework 5 and/or each other by mounting brackets 7 and mounting spacers 3. As shown in FIG. 2, mounting system 100 can include a roof protection pad 40 positioned between ballasted footer 1 and a roof surface. Roof protection pad 40 can include any suitable material, including metal, plastic, fibers or masonry. Roof protection pad 40 can be weather resistant and can be configured to be attached to ballasted footer 1. Referring to FIG. 2, mounting system 100 can include ballast units 50. Ballast units 50 can be positioned adjacent to mounting system 100 to provide additional ballast. For example, ballast units 50 can be positioned between the mounting posts of ballasted footer 1. Ballast units 50 can be made of any suitable material, including concrete or a metal such as aluminum. Ballast units 50 can be formed in any suitable manner, including by casting, forging, molding, stamping, or carving. Ballast units 50 can be connected to mounting system 100. For example, a ballast unit 50 can be connected to ballasted footer 1. Referring to FIG. 3, a top view of ballasted footer 1 is depicted. Ballasted footer 1 can have a rectangular-shaped base. Ballasted footer 1 can provide a ballasting effect to a photovoltaic module mounting system 100 (FIG. 1) into which ballasted footer 1 is integrated. This ballasting effect can be provided through either the mass of the ballasted footer 1 itself or through ballasting by another unit, such as ballast unit 50 (FIG. 2). Ballasted footer 1 can be made of concrete, which can be precast to form ballasted footer 1 into a desired form. Referring to FIG. 3A, a cross section along line A-A in FIG. 2, is shown. Ballasted footer 1 shown in FIG. 3A has rectangular base 12. Ballasted footer 1 has first and second mounting posts 13, 14 formed at opposite ends 15, 16 of rectangular base 12. Referring to FIGS. 3A and 3B, a cross-section along line B-B, the mounting posts 13, 14 can include ferrule loop insert 11. Ferrule loop insert 11 can be electrically wire bonded. The mounting posts 13, 14 can include other attachment hardware, including a metal rod extending from a portion of mounting post 13. A portion of the metal rod can be threaded and can be set in the mounting posts 13, 14 or driven, screwed, or otherwise inserted into the mounting posts 13, 14. Referring to FIG. 4, a profile view of adder block 70 is shown. Adder block 70 can be used as a ballast unit to provide additional ballast to ballasted footer 1, similar to ballasted units 50 in FIG. 2. Adder block 70 can include a top surface 71 and a recess 72 opposite top surface 71. Recess 72 can be defined by bottom surface 73 in recess 72 and positioning posts 75. FIG. 4A is a bottom view of adder block 70, which shows that recess 72 can be defined by bottom surface 73 and positioning posts 75. Positioning posts 75 can help position adder block 70 adjacent to ballasted footer 1 to provide ballast. For example, adder block 70 can be positioned between the mounting posts of ballasted footer 1 as shown in FIG. 4B. Adder block 70 can be made of any suitable material, including concrete or a metal such as aluminum. Adder block 70 can be formed in any suitable manner, including by casting, forging, molding, stamping, or carving. Adder block 70 can be connected to mounting system 100. For example, adder block 70 can be connected to ballasted footer 1. Referring to FIG. 5, a top view of rail 2 is depicted. Rail 2 includes rectangular top plate 22 having first end 223, second end 224, first side edge 225, second side edge 226, bottom surface 222, first base plate 24, and second base plate 25. Rail 2 can also include openings 21 which can accommodate a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint) used to connect rail 2 to a mounting post of a ballasted footer or to connect two rails 2 to each other. Openings 21 can also be provided to attach module 4 to rail 2. Referring to FIG. 5A an end view of rail 2 is shown. First side wall 23 extends downward, perpendicular from first side edge 225 of top surface 221, ending at first terminal edge 231. Second side wall 26 extends downward, perpendicular from second side edge 226, ending at second terminal edge 261. First base plate 24 can extend from first terminal edge 231 of first side wall 23 and perpendicular to first side wall 23. Second base plate 25 can extend from second terminal edge 261 of second side wall 26 and perpendicular to second side wall 26. The resulting cross-section can be top hat-shaped. Rail 2 can be formed from any suitable material, including metal such as galvanized steel. Referring to FIG. 6, ballasted footer 1 is positioned adjacent to roof protection pad 40, which in turn can be positioned over roof 800. An end of rail 2 can be positioned adjacent to a mounting post of ballasted footer 1. Rail 2 can be connected to ballasted footer 1 with a hardware connector 210 (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). As shown in FIG. 6, module 4 can be positioned adjacent to rail 2. Module 4 can include an edge encapsulation 44. A portion of module 4 (for example, a portion including edge encapsulation 44) can be positioned between a surface of rail 2 and a surface of mounting bracket 7 configured to position module 4. Mounting bracket 7 can be connected to rail 2 with a hardware connector 47 (e.g., a crew, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). Referring to FIG. 7, ballasted footer 1 is positioned adjacent to roof protection pad 40, which in turn can be positioned over roof 800. Ends of each of rails 2 are positioned adjacent to each other, adjacent to a mounting post of ballasted footer 1. Rails 2 can be connected to each other and one or both of rails 2 can be connected to the mounting post. Rails 2 can be connected with a hardware connector 220 (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). Hardware connector 220 can connect the ends of rails 2 to one another and/or to the mounting post. A first rail 2 can be connected to a second rail 2 by inserting an end of the first rail into an end of the second rail. One or more of the ends can be shaped or reshaped to accommodate fitting one end into the other. For example, one or both ends can be swaged before inserting. A portion of hardware connector 220 can transverse a portion of each of rails 2 and/or a mounting post. For example, a bolt can be passed through a hole in one end of each of two rails, where the holes are aligned after a first end is inserted in a second end. The bolt can then be passed through the rails into a mounting post. Additional hardware connector 227 can be provided at an additional position to connect rails 2 and/or the mounting post. Referring to FIG. 8, wind deflector can include wind deflector panel 60. FIG. 9 shows a top view of wind deflector 6. FIG. 9A shows an end view of wind deflector 6 through line D-D. Wind deflector 6 can have outer surface 61 and inner surface 64. Wind deflector 6 can further include support structure 63 attached to inner surface 64. Support structure 63 can include opening 62 configured to accommodate a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). FIG. 9B shows a cross-section of wind deflector through line E-E. Wind deflector panel 60 can be a curved panel, an arc-shaped panel, or other aerodynamic shaped panel. Wind deflector 6 can be any suitable material, including metal, such as aluminum or steel. Wind deflector 6 can be made of galvanized sheet. Arc-shaped wind deflector panel 60 can have a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches, about 4.5 inches, or about 7.5 inches. Referring to FIG. 10, rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system 100 with mounted photovoltaic module 4 can include ballasted footer 1, rail 2, and wind deflector 6. Wind deflector 6 can be attached to ballasted footer 1 by hardware connector 65 (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). As shown in FIG. 10, wind deflector 6 can direct wind or air flow around ballasted footer 1, rail 2, and wind deflector 6 to yield a stable structure. Moreover, with the help of wind deflector 6 to stabilize the structure, ballasted footer 1 can be made with less weight to achieve more efficient design and easier installation. Referring to FIG. 11, rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system 200 can include one or more ballasted footers 1 and photovoltaic module mounting framework 5. Ballasted footers 1 can be positioned in a staggered manner to be attached to wind deflector 6 (not shown in this figure). Photovoltaic module mounting framework 5 can include two or more rails 2. Each rail can be attached to the first or second mounting post of ballasted footer 1 and configured to accommodate a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). Photovoltaic module mounting framework 5 can include two or more mounting brackets 7 attached to rail 2. Rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system 200 can include one or more conduits 9 (fewer conduits than 5 are not shown) mounted on ballasted footer 1. Conduits 9 can be tubes or ducts for enclosing the wires. Conduits 9 can be a purpose-designed electrical piping system used for protecting and routing of electrical wiring. Referring to FIG. 12, rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system 200 with mounted photovoltaic modules 4 can include one or more ballasted footers 1 and photovoltaic module mounting framework 5. Photovoltaic module mounting framework 5 can include two or more rails 2. Each rail can be attached to the first or second mounting post of ballasted footer 1 and configured to accommodate a hardware connector (e.g., a screw, nail, rivet, weld, adhesive, or braze joint). Rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system 200 can include one or more conduits 9 mounted on ballasted footer 1. Photovoltaic modules 4 can be attached together by photovoltaic module clip 3. A number of embodiments of the invention have been described. Nevertheless, it will be understood that various modifications may be made without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. It should also be understood that the appended drawings are not necessarily to scale, presenting a somewhat simplified representation of various preferred features illustrative of the basic principles of the invention. * * * * *