Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method for controlling a photovoltaic power supply assembly a photovoltaic and a configurable power supply electrically coupled to the photovoltaic module, the method comprising: determining (i) whether a direct current (DC) electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply and (ii) whether an alternating current (AC) electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply; in response to determining that the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected, modifying a circuit topology of the configurable power supply to a first circuit topology to convert a power supply input received from the photovoltaic module to a DC power output to the DC electric accessory, and in response to determining that the AC electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply, modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to a second circuit topology to convert a power supply input received from the photovoltaic module to an AC power output to the AC electric accessory, wherein determining whether the AC electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply comprises determining whether a primary coil of the configurable power supply is inductively coupled to a secondary coil of an internal electronic circuit of the AC electric accessory. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein determining whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply comprises sensing a DC output current at a DC output of the configurable power supply. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein determining whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply comprises receiving a control signal indicating that the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein determining whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply comprises determining a state of a physical switch. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein determining whether the AC electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply comprises sensing an AC output current at an AC output of the configurable power supply. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply comprises controlling a state of an electronic switch of the configurable power supply. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply comprises controlling a state of a plurality of electronic switches of an H-bridge of the configurable power supply. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein: modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to the first circuit topology comprises modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to form a buck-boost converter, and modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to the second circuit topology comprises modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to form a DC-AC inverter circuit. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising modifying the circuit topology to a third circuit topology to form a pass-through circuit to pass a DC power input received by the configurable power supply to a DC output of the configurable power supply with substantially no processing. 10. A photovoltaic configurable power supply comprising: an input converter having an input to receive a direct current (DC) power input from a photovoltaic module, the input converter being selectively configurable between a first circuit topology to convert a power supply input received from the photovoltaic module to a DC power output and a second circuit topology to convert a power supply input received from the photovoltaic module to an AC power output based on a control signal; and an input controller electrically connected to the input converter, the input controller comprising a processor and a memory, the memory comprising a plurality of instructions, which when executed by the processor, cause the input controller to: determine (i) whether a direct current (DC) electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter and (ii) whether an alternating current (AC) electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the input converter, in response to determining that the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter, modify the circuit topology of the input converter to the first circuit topology, and in response to determining that the AC electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the input converter, modify the circuit topology of the input converter to the second circuit topology, wherein to determine whether the AC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter comprises to determine whether a primary coil of the input converter is inductively coupled to a secondary coil of an internal electronic circuit of the AC electric accessory. 11. The configurable power supply of claim 10, wherein to determine whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter comprises to determine whether a sensed DC output current of the input converter is above a predetermined threshold value. 12. The configurable power supply of claim 10, wherein to determine whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter comprises to determine a state of a physical switch. 13. The configurable power supply of claim 10, wherein to determine whether the AC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the input converter comprises to determine whether a sensed AC output current of the input converter is above a predetermined threshold value. 14. The configurable power supply of claim 10, wherein to modify the circuit topology of the input converter comprises to control a state of an electronic switch of the input converter. 15. The configurable power supply of claim 10, wherein: to modify the circuit topology of the input converter to the first circuit topology comprises to modify the circuit topology of the input converter to form a buck-boost converter, and to modify the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to the second circuit topology comprises to modify the circuit topology of the input converter to form a DC-AC inverter circuit. 16. The configurable power supply of claim 15, wherein the plurality of instructions, which when executed by the processor, further cause the input controller to modify the circuit topology of the input converter to a third circuit topology to form a pass-through circuit to pass the DC power input to a DC output of the configurable power supply with substantially no processing. 17. A method for controlling a photovoltaic power supply assembly comprising a photovoltaic module and a configurable power supply electrically coupled to the photovoltaic module, the method comprising: determining (i) whether a direct current (DC) electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply and (ii) whether an alternating current (AC) electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply; in response to determining that the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected, modifying a circuit topology of the configurable power supply to form a buck-boost DC converter to deliver an amount of DC power to the DC electric accessory, in response to determining that the AC electric accessory has been inductively coupled to the configurable power supply, modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to form a DC-AC inverter circuit to deliver an amount of AC power to the AC electric accessory, and in response to determining that the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected, modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply to form a DC pass-through circuit based on a state of an electronic switch. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein determining whether the DC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply comprises sensing a DC output current at a DC output of the configurable power supply. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein determining whether the AC electric accessory has been electrically connected to the configurable power supply comprises determining whether a primary coil of the configurable power supply is inductively coupled to a secondary coil of an internal electronic circuit of the AC electric accessory. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein modifying the circuit topology of the configurable power supply comprises controlling a state of at least one electronic switch of an H-bridge of the configurable power supply. 