Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module for non-penetrating installation at a substantially flat surface, the photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate having a perimeter and a front face defining a major plane; and a frame assembled to and encasing the perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate, the frame including: opposing, leading and trailing frame members, opposing, first and second side frame members, a first arm integral with and projecting from the first side frame member and forming a support face opposite the front face for placement against a separate installation surface, wherein a plane of the support face and the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate are non-parallel, and wherein the support face of the first arm extends beyond the trailing frame member in a direction opposite the leading frame member, a second arm projecting from the second side frame member and forming a support face extending beyond the trailing frame member, a third arm projecting from the first side frame member and forming a support face beyond the leading frame member; and a fourth arm projecting from the second side frame member and forming a support face beyond the leading frame member, wherein the support faces of the first-fourth arms are co-planar; wherein upon final assembly, the photovoltaic laminate and the frame combine to define a unitary structure. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the frame is configured such that when the support face is placed on a flat surface, the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate is oriented at a non-parallel angle relative to the flat surface. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the frame is configured such that when the support face is placed on a horizontal flat surface, the trailing frame member is vertically higher than the leading frame member. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate and the plane of the support face combine to define an included angle in the range of 1.degree.-30.degree.. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 4, wherein the included angle is in the range of 3.degree.-7.degree.. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the unitary structure is configured such that the frame cannot be disassembled from the photovoltaic laminate without destroying at least one of the frame members. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising an adhesive bonding the frame members to the photovoltaic laminate. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the frame members are entirely formed of a polymeric material. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the first arm is configured to permit stacking of the frame onto a corresponding frame of a second photovoltaic module assembly of identical construction. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 9, wherein: the first side frame member defines: opposing, upper and lower surfaces, the photovoltaic laminate being located adjacent the upper surface, opposing, leading and trailing ends, an outer edge formed opposite the second side frame member; and the first arm includes a shoulder projecting from the first side frame member at an extension point adjacent the trailing end, an entirety of the shoulder below the lower surface and between the extension point and the trailing end being laterally spaced relative to the outer edge in a direction opposite the second side frame member. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein at least one of the frame members is I-shaped in cross-section. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the first side frame member includes a first connector configured for press-fit assembly with a corresponding, second connector of the trailing frame member. 13. The photovoltaic module of claim 12, wherein: the first connector is one of: a female component defining a receptacle, a male component having a shape corresponding with a shape of the receptacle; and the second connector is another of the male and female components. 14. The photovoltaic module of claim 13, wherein the male component includes first and second segments, the segments intersecting one another and being approximately perpendicular. 15. The photovoltaic module of claim 13, wherein each of the frame members defines opposing, first and second ends and further including: one of the female and male components at the first end; and one of the female and male components at the second end. 16. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the first side frame member includes: an elongate frame body; and a C-shaped bracket extending from the frame body and forming a channel sized to receive the photovoltaic laminate. 17. The photovoltaic module of claim 16, wherein the bracket includes: a lower surface proximate the frame body; an upper surface opposite the frame body; an end surface extending between the upper and lower surfaces; wherein each of the upper and lower surfaces form an angle of not less than 91.degree. in extension from the end surface. 18. The photovoltaic module of claim 16, wherein the first side frame member further includes: a plurality of spaced tabs each forming a tapered guide surface from the frame body to the channel for facilitating insertion of the photovoltaic laminate into the channel. 19. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a mounting region carried at a terminating section of the first arm, the mounting region configured for assembly to a corresponding mounting region associated with the third arm of a second photovoltaic module of identical construction. 20. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein upon placement of the support faces onto a separate installation surface, the support faces are below the frame members. 21. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the frame members and the arms are each entirely formed of a polymeric material. 22. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the arms are configured to permit stacking of the frame against the corresponding frame of a second photovoltaic module of identical construction. 23. A photovoltaic module system kit for non-penetrating installation at a substantially flat surface, the kit comprising: first and second photovoltaic modules each including: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate, and a frame assembled to and surrounding the photovoltaic laminate to define a unitary structure, the frame including an arm forming a planar support face for placement against a separate installation surface, the arm integral with the frame, wherein the support face and the photovoltaic laminate are nonparallel; wherein the kit is configured to provide a storage state in which the frame of the first photovoltaic module is placed against the frame of the second photovoltaic module such that the respective photovoltaic laminates are parallel, the arm of the first photovoltaic module being transversely off-set from the frame of the second photovoltaic module, wherein the storage state further includes the arm of the second photovoltaic module received within a trough of the arm of the first photovoltaic module. 24. The kit of claim 23, further comprising: a first coupling device associated with the first photovoltaic module for mounting of the first photovoltaic module as part of a non-penetrating array; and a second coupling device associated with the second photovoltaic module for mounting of the second photovoltaic module as part of a non-penetrating array; wherein the first and second coupling devices are identical. 25. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the first arm is adapted to couple to a coupling site of an adjacent photovoltaic module. 26. The photovoltaic module of claim 25, wherein the coupling site of the adjacent photovoltaic module is an arm integral with a frame of the adjacent photovoltaic module. 27. A photovoltaic module for non-penetrating installation at a substantially flat surface, the photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate having a perimeter and a front face defining a major plane; and a frame assembled to and encasing the perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate, the frame including: opposing, leading and trailing frame members, opposing, first and second side frame members, and a first arm integral with and projecting from one of the frame members and forming a support face opposite the front face for placement against a separate installation surface, wherein a plane of the support face and the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate are non-parallel, and wherein the first arm is configured to permit stacking of the frame onto a corresponding frame of a second photovoltaic module assembly of identical construction, and wherein the first side frame member defines: opposing, upper and lower surfaces, the photovoltaic laminate being located adjacent the upper surface, opposing, leading and trailing ends, an outer edge formed opposite the second side frame member, wherein the first arm includes a shoulder projecting from the first side frame member at an extension point adjacent the trailing end, an entirety of the shoulder below the lower surface and between the extension point and the trailing end being laterally spaced relative to the outer edge in a direction opposite the second side frame member; wherein upon final assembly, the photovoltaic laminate and the frame combine to define a unitary structure. 28. The photovoltaic module of claim 27, wherein the frame is configured such that when the support face is placed on a flat surface, the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate is oriented at a non-parallel angle relative to the flat surface. 29. The photovoltaic module of claim 27, wherein the frame is configured such that when the support face is placed on a horizontal flat surface, the trailing frame member is vertically higher than the leading frame member. 30. The photovoltaic module of claim 27, wherein the unitary structure is configured such that the frame cannot be disassembled from the photovoltaic laminate without destroying at least one of the frame members. 31. The photovoltaic module of claim 27, wherein the first arm is adapted to couple to a coupling site of an adjacent photovoltaic module. 32. A photovoltaic module for non-penetrating installation at a substantially flat surface, the photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate having a perimeter and a front face defining a major plane; and a frame assembled to and encasing the perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate, the frame including: opposing, leading and trailing frame members, opposing, first and second side frame members, a first arm integral with and projecting from one of the frame members and forming a support face opposite the front face for placement against a separate installation surface, wherein a plane of the support face and the major plane of the photovoltaic laminate are non-parallel, wherein the first side frame member includes a first connector configured for press-fit assembly with a corresponding, second connector of the trailing frame member; wherein upon final assembly, the photovoltaic laminate and the frame combine to define a unitary structure. 33. The photovoltaic module of claim 32, wherein: the first connector is one of: a female component defining a receptacle, a male component having a shape corresponding with a shape of the receptacle; and the second connector is another of the male and female components. 34. The photovoltaic module of claim 33, wherein the male component includes first and second segments, the segments intersecting one another and being approximately perpendicular. 35. The photovoltaic module of claim 33, wherein each of the frame members defines opposing, first and second ends and further including: one of the female and male components at the first end; and one of the female and male components at the second end. 36. The photovoltaic module of claim 32, wherein the first arm is adapted to couple to a coupling site of an adjacent photovoltaic module. 