Description STATEMENT REGARDING FEDERALLY SPONSORED RESEARCH OR DEVELOPMENT Not applicable BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION A power converter for use with photovoltaic cells is disclosed, or, more particularly, individual DC/DC micro-converters for dedicated use with at least one photovoltaic module are disclosed. As photovoltaic (PV) solar power installations continue to increase in number and in scale, harvesting and managing power efficiently has become more challenging. Equally as challenging is the management of PV power installations on a national level via a "smart grid". In particular, it is desirable to increase the demand for renewable energy, to supplement and/or replace energy produced via fossil fuels. Enhancing PV power use, however, requires reduction in the production cost per kilowatt hour and reduction in utility transaction costs for PV interconnections. For the latter, traditional PV power generating and control systems use at least one of centralized inverters, bipolar centralized inverters, string inverters, and micro-inverters. Conventionally, DC/AC inverters have been used to extract maximum power from PV systems that include arrays formed by plural PV modules connected in series and parallel configurations and to convert the unregulated generated DC power to grid-voltage, synchronized AC power. The AC power generated can be transmitted and distributed either directly to AC loads or through distribution transformers. According to this traditional approach, low-voltage DC power transfer concerns and simplicity of power conversion options necessitate configuring the PV modules in serial strings and/or in parallel string arrays. However, the deleterious effects of shading, soiling, and other lighting degradation on individual PV modules and, hence, PV module characteristics matching require greater consideration. Referring to FIG. 1, for a photovoltaic array 10 to achieve its highest energy yield and greatest efficiency, current practice includes carefully matching the electrical characteristics of each PV module 15 in each series-connected string 12 and of each parallel-connected string 14. Matching creates considerable labor and expense during manufacture at the factory. More problematically, even if PV modules 15 are ideally matched at the time of manufacture, a single PV module 15 in any string 12 can quickly degrade the performance, i.e., DC output, of the entire PV array 10. Indeed, decreasing the current or voltage output from a single PV module 15 degrades the output of the entire string 12 of series-connected PV modules 15, which has a multiplied effect on the performance of the entire PV array 10. This is especially true when direct sunlight is blocked from all or some portion of one of more of the PV modules 15. For example, if the amount or intensity of sunlight striking a discrete PV module 15 is blocked, for example, due to shading, e.g., from clouds, vegetation, man-made structures, accumulated moisture, and the like, or due to soiling, i.e., contamination with soil or other organic or non-organic matter, then even ideally matched PV modules 15 perform poorly. Moreover, the affected PV module(s) 15 may suffer from excessive heating. When centralized inverters 13 are used, output from plural PV modules 15 that are structured and arranged in strings 12 of parallel rows 14 of strings 12 is combined and processed. Power optimization and conditioning is, consequently, performed on the combined DC input. Advantageously, these systems are highly evolved and reliable and, moreover, they facilitate centralized communication, control, and management through the centralized inverter 13. Disadvantageously, there is no PV string level management or control. Hence, overall array performance is still adversely affected by underperforming individual strings. Indeed, panel mismatch resulting from, inter alia, shading, soiling, and the like, reduces efficiency. Traditionally, bypass diodes 16 and blocking diodes 18 are adapted to deal with the variability (matching) of discrete, individual PV modules 15 and with solar irradiance. More specifically, to minimize degradation of the total DC output of the array 10 that may result from mismatch or differences in the voltage or current outputs of discrete PV modules 15, bypass diodes 16 can be integrated with each PV module 15. When forward biased, the bypass diodes 16 provide an alternate current path around an underperforming PV module 15. Bypassing the underperforming PV module 15 ensures that the string's 12 voltage and current outputs are not limited by the voltage and current output of the underperforming PV module 15. Disadvantageously, bypassing the underperforming PV module 15 reduces the string's 12 voltage output by, effectively, taking the underperforming PV module 15 off-line. Similarly, blocking diodes 18 can be integrated with strings of series-connected PV modules 12 in the PV array 10. When the total voltage output from a string of series-connected PV modules 12 exceeds a biasing voltage associated with the blocking diode 18, the DC voltage output is fed onto the DC bus for transmission to the inverter 13. However, if the total voltage output from the string of series-connected PV modules 12 is less than the biasing voltage associated with the blocking diode 18, then the blocking diode 18 is not forward biased and, hence, voltage output from the string 12 is blocked from going the DC bus. Bi-polar centralized inverters are slightly more efficient than uni-polar centralized inverters. Advantageously, bi-polar applications tend to be cheaper, lighter in weight, and do not suffer from transformer losses, simply because they do not include a transformer. Disadvantageously, as with centralized inverters, there is no PV string level management or control, which, along with parallel processing and panel mismatch, reduces efficiency. Bias voltages may also be introduced in the array. Furthermore, although the inverters themselves do not include transformer circuitry, a transformer is still required to step up the power delivered to a commercial or utility grid. To avoid reliance on bypass diodes 16 and blocking diodes 18, one approach has been to connect PV modules 15 to DC/AC micro-inverter(s). DC/AC micro-inverters are known to the art and embody the finest-grained configuration in which maximum possible power can be extracted from each PV module 15 regardless of mismatch, soiling, shading, and/or aging. For the purposes of this disclosure, "micro-inverters" will refer to inverters that perform a DC to AC power conversion and "micro-converters" (introduced below) will refer to converters that perform a DC to DC power conversion. Micro-inverters are adapted to reduce mismatch and other losses by converting DC power to AC power locally, e.g., at each PV module 15 or cell and/or at every PV string 12 in the PV array 10, which facilitates string-level management. Micro-inverters have proven effective for small systems that yield higher total kilowatt hours (kWh). Disadvantageously, micro-inverters involve complex electronics that may require sophisticated cooling. Moreover, large-scale applications may require servicing and maintaining hundreds--if not thousands--of units, which have not yet been engineered to operate dependably for 20 years or more. Multi-phase AC systems also need to be configured from single phase units, requiring appropriate transformer step-up to utilization and/or to distribution voltages. Moreover, although generating single phase AC power, the micro-inverter has double line frequency energy storage requirements. This generally causes either a significant ripple current through the PV module 15--which reduces yield--or requires utilization of electrolytic capacitors. Electrolytic capacitors, however, are unreliable and the acknowledged "Achilles heel" of any power conversion system that utilizes them. Furthermore, integrating energy storage into a PV array 10 with micro-inverters is not straightforward. For example, because the DC node is internal to each of the micro-inverters, each energy storage system requires a discrete, dedicated micro-inverter. The issue of grid interaction and control can be daunting with so many devices in parallel. Current practice needs with micro-inverters also include additional electronics, which normally are located in a hot environment, which is to say, on the reverse side (back) of the PV module 15. The ambient environment on the back of a PV module 15 is not particularly conducive to long life of the electronics, having an operating range as high as 80.degree. C. The challenges facing DC to DC micro-converter applications include achieving a highly reliable, lower-installed cost per Watt system that provides increased kWh yields. Such systems should provide centralized and de-centralized monitoring and control features; should include electronics that can be controlled locally or remotely, to react to variable array and grid conditions; and that can be easily integrated with a commercial or utility grid. U.S. Pat. No. 6,127,621 to Simburger discloses a power sphere for a spinning satellite that purportedly minimizes mismatch losses on the solar cells by providing individual DC/DC "regulators" for each individual solar cell, to regulate the power delivered to a load. U.S. Pat. No. 6,966,184 to Toyomura, et al. discloses a PV power-generating apparatus having power conversion devices individually connected to solar cell elements to convert the output of the elements. The plural DC/DC converters are connected in parallel and are operated so that changes in the input voltage to a DC/AC inverter move the operating point of the solar cell element, which changes the input voltage to the DC/DC converters. In this manner, input voltage to the DC/AC inverter from each converter is controlled to be the same. U.S. Pat. No. 7,193,872 to Siri discloses a power supply having an inverter for connecting plural DC power sources to a utility grid using a single DC/DC conversion stage. The Siri system purports to control current based on feed-forward compensation as some function of an input power commanding voltage (V.sub.ERR). More specifically, the current and voltage from a solar array are sampled from which the input power commanding voltage is output. A current reference generator generates a reference current (I.sub.REF) which is the product of the input power commanding voltage, an instantaneous utility line voltage, and the inverted square of the V.sub.RMS signal. A photovoltaic power system that includes plural photovoltaic strings or an array of power-generating photovoltaic modules and a controller therefor that provide PV string level control, to regulate and stabilize output voltage of each PV string individually, to harvest greater energy and increase kWh produced is desirable. Means for integrating replacement modules into a PV array without having to match the electrical properties of the replacement module to those of the modules already in the array is also very desirable. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION A photovoltaic power generating system is disclosed. The system comprises a string or array of power-generating photovoltaic modules; a plurality of micro-converters, each of which is coupled to a DC voltage buss and to the output of a discrete photovoltaic module of the string or array of power-generating photovoltaic modules; and a gating inverter that is structured and arranged to provide AC power to a grid; or equivalently a gating DC/DC converter that is coupled to a high voltage DC buss for industrial DC power supply applications, e.g., DC power supplies for chlor-alkali or copper-winding electrochemical processes. The photovoltaic power system is structured and arranged to maximize design flexibility, which leads to enhanced longevity. For example, different panel technologies, vintages, sizes, mounts, and manufacturing brands can be incorporated into the same array, which can be efficiently controlled by the disclosed invention. The range of power ratings for the disclosed system is between 30 kW and 1 MW. Managerial benefits include increased visibility which includes in-depth diagnostic and performance information, enabling the conditions of PV strings and/or corresponding DC/DC converters to be monitored remotely. As a consequence, poorly performing or malfunctioning PV strings or PV strings having ground faults can be systematically isolated without interrupting throughput from the remaining PV strings. From a performance standpoint, both energy throughput and return on investment (ROI) can be increased significantly. Indeed, eliminating losses that otherwise would occur when outputs from PV string in parallel are combined and processed reduces the cost per kWh through the lifespan of the PV array. An increase in output of between 5 and 20 percent is predicted. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE SEVERAL VIEWS OF THE DRAWINGS The invention will be more fully understood by referring to the Detailed Description of the Invention in conjunction with the Drawings, of which: FIG. 1 shows an array of series- and parallel-connected photovoltaic power modules according to the prior art; FIG. 2 shows an array of series- and parallel-connected strings of photovoltaic power modules with micro-converters according to the present invention; FIG. 3 shows a gating inverter in combination with a DC/DC photovoltaic system according to the present invention; FIGS. 4A-4C show an isometric view of DC/DC photovoltaic system (4A) and insets showing coupling of plural PV strings to the micro-converter (4B) and coupling of plural micro-converters to a local controller (4C) within a string combiner according to the present invention; and FIG. 5 shows representative current-voltage curves for three PV strings of PV modules. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Referring to FIGS. 2-5 a photovoltaic (PV) system controlled at the string-level by plural DC/DC micro-converters will now be described. The PV system 29 and, more specifically, the control system 21 for the PV system 29 is structured and arranged to extract maximum individual string power (hereinafter, the "Maximum Power Point" or "MPP") from each of the PV modules 22 in each string 25 of serial-connected PV modules that make up the power-generating portion of the PV system 29. The desirability of string-level control is shown illustratively in FIG. 5, which shows current-voltage curves 52, 54, and 56 for three discrete strings of PV modules. Each of the curves 52, 54, and 56 includes an MPP 55 at some location on the curves. The MPP 55 refers to the point of maximum power for an entire string 25 of PV modules 22. Because of expected mismatch between PV strings 25, the corresponding MPPs 55 for each string 25 occur or may occur at different currents and/or at different voltages for each PV string 25. As a result, the controller 21 is adapted to regulate and to stabilize output voltage from each PV string 25 at each MPP 55, to harvest greater energy and increase kWh produced. Were the controller 21, instead, adapted to regulate output current or output voltage using a fixed, predetermined voltage or a fixed, predetermined current, which is shown illustratively in FIG. 5 at current I.sub.o and voltage V.sub.o, the MPP 55 for each PV string 25 may be missed, which means less energy and fewer kWh produced. The PV System The PV system 29 includes a power-generating portion, a power control and distribution portion, and the aforementioned control system. In the discussion below, those of ordinary skill in the art can appreciate that elements described as structure for the power-generating portion could, instead, be included as elements for the power control and distribution portion or the control system, and vice versa. For example, the MPP controller 21, the control unit 24 for the gating inverter 28, and the central or micro-grid controller 34, which are described below as separate and distinct elements of the power-generating portion, the power control and distribution portion, and the control system, respectively, could, instead, be included as elements in a single control structure for exercising control over all aspects and operation of the PV system 29. In general terms, referring to FIG. 2, the power-generating portion of the PV system 29 includes plural parallel-connected PV strings 25 of PV modules 22 that collectively form a PV array. PV modules 22 are well known to the art and will not be described in detail. The PV array corresponds to multiple PV strings 25 that are electrically disposed in parallel so that the output of each PV module 22 and each PV string 25 is delivered to a common buss. The power control and distribution portion includes plural DC/DC power converters 20 each having a local MPP controller 21, and a large, distribution substation-class, grid-connected (gating) inverter 28 having a control unit 24. The PV system 29, and, more particularly, the control system is structured and arranged to ensure that any PV module(s) 22 that become(s) shaded from direct sunlight, that become(s) contaminated with dirt or grime, and/or that are otherwise covered with or by some foreign matter on all or on any portion of the PV module(s) 22 does not cause an entire PV string 25 of the PV array or multiple strings 25 in the array, to operate at less than maximum power transfer efficiency, i.e., outside of MPP. In short, rather than allowing a single PV module 22 or a few affected PV modules 22 to diminish power generation of the entire PV array, the control system is structured and arranged to temporarily prevent the affected PV module(s) 22 from delivering power to the voltage buss 27 until such time as the cause of the affectation has been corrected. Referring to FIG. 2, a serial PV string 25 having plural PV modules 22 that are electrically disposed in parallel is shown. Advantageously, a dedicated power converter 20 (hereinafter "micro-converter") is coupled to the output of each PV module 22 and/or to each PV string 25 of PV modules 22. The micro-converter 20 can be physically mounted on the reverse side (back) of the discrete PV module 22 that it controls. Alternatively, as shown in FIG. 4A-4C, discrete micro-converters 20 that are electrically coupled to corresponding PV modules 22 or PV strings 25 of PV modules 22 can be centralized in a control box 35, such as the Solstice.TM. system manufactured by Satcon Technology Corporation of Boston, Massachusetts. The Satcon control box 35 is a natural replacement for combiner boxes or "smart" combiner boxes, which are in common use in popular PV systems today. The micro-converters 20 are adapted to receive the input from that PV module 22 and/or from an entire string 25 of PV modules 22. More specifically, each micro-converter 20 is adapted to receive electrical operating parameters, e.g., terminal current, terminal voltage, power, and the like, from a corresponding PV module 22 and/or from an entire string 25 of PV modules 22. Optionally or alternatively, the micro-converter 20 can also be adapted to receive thermal operating parameters from the associated PV module 22. Each micro-converter 20 is adapted to communicate these operating parameters to the control unit 24 of the gating inverter 28 (or converter) and/or to a remote, central controller 34. The means of communicating such data can include using powerline carrier communication, a wireless connection, and so forth. This communications capability allows each micro-converter 20 to sense a current level and/or voltage level generated by each PV module 22 and/or string 25 of PV modules 22 and to communicate with the control unit 24 of the gating inverter 28 and/or to communicate remotely with the central controller 34, to provide PV module 22 status signals. As a result, the control unit 24 of the gating inverter 28 and/or the remote central controller 34 can communicate with an associated Energy Management System or utility or microgrid system controller, to provide fine-grained information on the performance of the PV modules 22, the PV strings 25, and the entire PV array. The topology of the micro-converter 20 can include (for example and not for the purposes of limitation): an interleaved boost converter, an interleaved flyback converter, an interleaved forward converter, an H-bridge converter, a multi-stage converter, isolated converters, non-isolated converters, and the like. To allow air circulation and convectional cooling, the micro-converter 20 can stand off the back of the corresponding PV module 22 if located at the module 22. Advantageously, when micro-converters 20 are disposed on the back of the PV module 22 itself or are contained in a string combiner 35 (FIG. 4A and FIG. 4B), energy storage at the PV module 22 is not necessary. Instead, the energy or power generated by each individual PV module 22 and each PV string 25 is introduced to and collected on a high voltage DC (HVDC) buss 27. Because the HVDC buss 27 carries higher voltage, the associated currents are relatively low, which reduces conduction losses. Manufacturing costs associated with conductive materials are also reduced. Within the limitations of the regulatory environment, e.g., UL or CE, the higher the voltage, the more compact and economic the system. Referring to FIG. 2 and FIG. 3, the HVDC buss 27 is electrically coupled to a large, distribution substation-class, grid-connected (gating) inverter 28, the output of which is delivered to a commercial grid, to a utility grid 26 and/or to a local AC load. The gating inverter 28 includes an optional energy storage device 23 and a control unit 24, which can be organic to the inverter 28 or (as shown in FIG. 4C) can be electrically coupled to a local MPP controller 21 that is/are disposed proximate to the micro-converters 20. DC storage of power is easily integrated with this approach and will permit different sizings of PV modules 22, PV strings 25, and gating inverters 28 so that the array sizing can be infinitely fine-grained without requiring peak power capability to be matched by the gating inverter 28. Elimination of the need for energy storage at or near each individual PV module 22 (such as the double frequency requirement of the microinverter) and integrating an energy storage device 23 with the gating inverter 28, eliminates one of the biggest problems of micro-inverter-based or micro-converter-based systems. Energy storage is easily integrated using, for example, bi-directional converters operating from the HVDC buss 27 and/or "AC storage" 23 coupled at the output stage. "AC storage" 23 refers to a battery or other DC energy storage device in combination with a separate DC/AC inverter. In addition to readily accommodating energy storage, this architecture is also amenable to supplying relatively large DC loads and/or AC loads locally, such as for facility AC loads or industrial DC lighting, and is also compatible with modern micro-grid infrastructures where applicable. The industrial DC buss can be fed directly by the regulated dc buss of this micro-converter architecture. Referring to FIG. 3, at the input stage of the gating inverter 28, a switching system 32 controls application of power generated by the PV array to the gating inverter 28. A DC power surge protector 31 is coupled to the HVDC buss 27 at or proximate to the switching system 32. At the output stage, to guard against AC back feed from the commercial/utility grid 26, an AC surge protector 33 is provided. The AC surge protector 33 can include rectifier diodes that serve as blocking diodes. A commercial- or utility-scale grid 26 can generate standard voltages (480V or 600V) directly from the HVDC buss 27 without a transformer. Accordingly, optionally, the PV system 20 would not require a 60-Hz transformer, which is to say that the gating inverter 28 can be transformer-less. Recalling that each micro-converter 20 is adapted to provide operational data, e.g., current, voltage, power, and the like, and, optionally, other data, e.g., temperature and the like, about its corresponding PV module(s) 22, the local MPP controller 21 and the control unit 24 of the gating inverter 28 are adapted to provide such operational data to a remote central controller 34. Awareness of each PV modules' operating parameters allows the central controller 34 to adjust the parameters of the boost circuit of the micro-converters 20 to maintain the chosen output voltage, or to disconnect select PV modules 22 or strings 25 from the PV array when a desired output cannot be maintained due to degradation of output. Advantageously, the ability to isolate or remove affected, low-output PV modules 22 or strings 25 prevents degrading the efficiency of the entire PV array. The MPP controller 21, i.e., the ultra-local controller within the micro-converter 20, and the control unit 24 coupled to the gating inverter 28 constitute components of a central control system, which can include hardware and software applications. The control system is adapted to extract MPP from each individual PV module 22 and from each string 25; to selectively use all or less than all of the PV modules 22 or strings 25 at any given time for power generation; to instrument each PV module 22 for power, voltage, current, temperature, and other characteristics to achieve MPP; and to integrate energy storage fully. These applications and more can be accomplished by the MPP controller 21, by the control unit 24, and by the remote central controller 34. The central controller 34 can also be coupled to the Internet to provide for Web-based monitoring using, for example Web-based management tools such as PV ZONE.TM. and PV VIEW.TM., which are provided by Satcon Technology Corporation. PV VIEW.TM. is a Web-enabled data monitoring system that is adapted to monitor power inverters. PV ZONE.TM. is a Web-based sub-array monitoring program that monitors solar radiation, module temperature, ambient temperature, wind speed, wind direction, and the like. By connecting an input/output device to the Internet via a local area net (LAN), wide area net (WAN), cellular modem, and the like, the PV system 29 can provide complete real-time performance data of each micro-converter. PV VIEW.TM. and PV ZONE.TM. can include a variety of optional environmental and weather station capabilities. This information can be stored and processed on a remote Web server and can be made available from anywhere on the Web to anywhere on the Web through the PV VIEW.TM. Web portal. Such Web-based tools enable users, inter alia, to meter the output of the PV system 29, e.g., kWh of operation, and to monitor meteorological information to ascertain the existence of favorable or unfavorable meteorological conditions. As a result, the control system 34 provides a degree of energy management that includes string-level or module-level control using micro-converters 20, which enables PV systems 29 to harvest more energy and increase the kWh produced during a fixed period of time. Monitoring and control tools for commercial PV systems are provided by many third party providers. These systems are readily adapted to work with all such providers as well as with utility SCADA systems. SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) refers to a typically-centralized system that monitors and remotely controls aspects of power production at an entire site, at a combination of sites or at a complex that covers a relatively large area. SCADA is a proprietary, non-Web-based control system. Advantageously, when using micro-converters 20, individual PV modules 22 can fail; however, any such failure impacts the total system power only marginally. Replacement of failed PV modules 22 can be achieved using any suitable PV module 22 of any suitable technology, eliminating requirements for exact matching as to age, size, manufacturer, and so forth, and PV system 20 downtime. The micro-converter 20 is adapted to accommodate a full range of voltages from its corresponding PV module 22, which, currently, is typically between approximately 10 VDC and approximately 150 VDC. For example, a micro-converter 20 can boost module output from 48 VDC (typical) to a fixed voltage nominally of 550 to 1200 VDC, further allowing for significantly lowered interconnect currents and establishing a standard for the interconnect that allows the gating inverter 28 design to be simplified and, if desired, interconnection transformers to be eliminated. Lower interconnect current reduces interconnect transmission losses and allows for smaller, less expensive interconnect conductors. Comparing the currently disclosed DC/DC micro-converter concept with the DC/AC micro-inverter concept, the fundamental issues are those of DC power versus AC power and high voltage versus low voltage. For example, with AC, the ratio of RMS-to-average value is 0.707V/0.636V or about 1.11. As a result, the conduction losses associated with an AC are 1.11 squared, or 23% higher than for a DC system. This result, however, assumes identical busswork, when, in reality, the AC system has 40% higher voltage stress than an equivalent DC system, making a DC system even more preferable. Another advantage of AC versus DC has to do with skin depth. Normally, buss bars for heavy AC current are rarely more than 1/2 inch (12 mm) in diameter except when mechanical reasons dictate using a larger buss bar. As current magnitudes increase, which is certainly the case in large commercial PV systems, and line frequency remains relatively low (60 Hz), a wire radius larger than 1/3.sup.rd of an inch (8 mm) could be used to advantage to reduce conduction losses. With a skin depth in copper of 6 mm. and a skin depth in aluminum of approximately 8 mm., there is little value in using conductor cables that are more than 1/2-inch in diameter. The final points of comparison between micro-inverter and micro-converter approaches relates to the reduced electronics and dramatic reduction in energy storage requirements for the micro-converter. The requirement for double line frequency energy storage and location of the micro-inverter proximate to the module mean that even well-built, initially-reliable units are liable to suffer from wear and tear after several years have passed due to the use of electrolytic capacitors. Many changes in the details, materials, and arrangement of parts and steps, herein described and illustrated, can be made by those skilled in the art in light of teachings contained hereinabove. Accordingly, it will be understood that the following claims are not to be limited to the embodiments disclosed herein and can include practices other than those specifically described, and are to be interpreted as broadly as allowed under the law. * * * * *