Description FIELD OF THE INVENTION This application relates to protective covers for roof mounted systems which help prevent water entry. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention broadly relates to residential roof mounted systems and, more particularly relates to a protective covering for helping to prevent water entry to structure-underlying roof locations at which the particular roof systems are fastened. Various roof mounted systems are known. Examples without limitation include roof-mounted satellite antenna systems, roof-mounted solar water-heating systems, roof-mounted air cooling systems and roof-mounted solar panel systems, for example, photovoltaic mounting systems, sometimes referred to as photovoltaic (PV) racking systems. It is also known that building codes require securing PV racking systems securely to a pitched roof's underlying structural members, further requiring that multiple lag screws or through bolts penetrate the roofing material and sheathing in order to secure the PV racking system. Each associated hole is a potential entry point for water into the underlying structure for the entire life of the mounted PV racking system. One common way of for securing roof-mounted apparatus', such as PV racking systems, to a roof is to mount the bracket to the roof at one end, by using a fastener such as an exposed lag screw or bolt, and attaching the bracket at its other end, or by attaching to an attaching point to the PV racking system. Brackets come in many shapes and sizes, for example, in a form of an L-bracket. While mounting a roof system with a bracket, such as an L-bracket, will generally include sealing the area around the exposed lag screw with a sealant such as waterproof caulking, such seals do not readily last for the life of the roof mounted system, and once installed and attached at the bracket, the roof mounted system will normally prevent access to reseal the mounting hole. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention was developed to overcome the sealing difficulties of prior art roof mounting systems, such as, for example, solar panel installations, requiring roof fastener penetrations. The invention comprises a novel protective cover over the roof for covering a fastener and part of an L-shaped bracket utilized on a roof, particularly a slanted roof, for securing a roof mounted system. The cover comprises a sheet of metal, or other malleable of molded material, formed as a triangular member, the narrow end of which may be inserted under a portion of a roofing shingle, and the rear end of which extends over the normally exposed fastener and part of an L-shaped bracket attaching the solar panel installation to the roof. The protective covering is a portion of flat, malleable waterproof material molded to form a cover preferably forming a triangular-shaped structure when viewed from the side. The triangular shaped structure includes a base and a hypotenuse where the line of the roof acts as a side which is covered by at least the hypotenuse, with the hypotenuse of the triangular structure meeting the roof at an angle. The triangular structure is adapted for insertion under a portion of a roof shingle, and extending back in a slight rise (downwardly with respect to the roof) to cover the exposed fastener and L-shaped bracket which the fastener fastens to the roof. An alternative embodiment of the cover may include tabs at all end portions. The covers are installed and attached to brackets which are covered but for the part fastened to a rack frame for a solar panel installation. Alternatively the covers may be installed, without any roof mounting system. The cover covers the exposed L-bracket affixed to a portion of a roof via an exposed fastener. The cover may be maintained in place by sliding up under portions of the roofing shingles, and/or with an adhesive or sealant, e.g., silicone caulking. The cover should operate to help to prevent water seepage into the fastener opening as long as it remains fixed in place, regardless of the longevity of the sealant/adhesive. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The present invention can best be understood in connection with the accompanying drawings. It is noted that the invention is not limited to the precise embodiments shown in drawings, in which: FIG. 1 is a perspective view of the cover of this invention. FIG. 2 is a perspective view of a pitched shingled roof with four of the covers of FIG. 1 spaced apart and installed over brackets for attachment to a solar collector. FIG. 3 is a side view showing the covers of FIG. 1 installed on a shingled roof as part of the attachment hardware of a solar collector. FIG. 4 is an enlarged side view detail of the cover of FIG. 1 (shown in crossection) protecting the bracket fastener installation of a solar collector. FIG. 5 is a detail top view of two covers installed on a shingled roof showing the use of sealant on three sides. (The solar collector is not shown in this view for clarity, although the fastening strip of the collector is shown.). FIG. 6 is a top view of an alternate embodiment of cover of this invention with a full flashing flange on all three sides, including the front edge. FIG. 7 is a side elevation of the alternate embodiment. FIG. 8 is a front elevation of the alternate embodiment. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a protective cover 1 of this invention. Although many material choices and fabrication techniques are possible such as a variety of molded plastic materials, sheet metal (such as aluminum or copper) cut and folded or punch pressed into shape are preferred. Sloped surface 2 is supported by triangular sides 3. Flanges 4 on each side are designed to be fitted underneath the top and side portions of a shingle, which is cut to fit the contour of surface 2. Optional back edge 5 forms a drip edge and further shields the roof fastener. Edges 6 at the intersection of sides 3 and flanges 4 as well as the front edge 7 are preferably sealed against the shingle with appropriate sealant. FIG. 2 shows the placement of four covers 1 over mounting brackets for a solar collector on pitched roof 12. Note that the top layer of shingles 13 are cut around each cover 1 at the mounting sites 14. FIG. 3 shows a side view of solar panel 16 mounted on roof 12 over shingles 13. The fastener area is enlarged in the detail shown in FIG. 4. L-bracket 18 is attached by lag bolt 19 to roof 12. Collector mounting bar 17 is attached via fastener 20 to bracket 18. Cover 1 (shown in crossection) covers the head of normally exposed fastener 19 which is now covered under sloped section 2. A small portion of sealant 22 is seen at the front end of cover 1. FIG. 5 shows a section of roof with two covers 1 installed inside the cut-away contour of top shingles 14 and sealed with a bead of sealant 22 on the front edge and both sides. FIGS. 6-8 show a top side and front view respectively of an alternate embodiment of cover 30 of this invention. This cover has a continuous flashing flange 33 that surrounds the sloping area 32 on all three sides including the front. Optional back drip edge 34 serves the same function as edge 5 of cover 1. Contour 36, which is located at the interface of front of section 32 and sides 35 with flange 33; defines the location of sealant bead that would be applied to seal cover 30 with shingled surfaces. In the foregoing description, certain terms and visual depictions are used to illustrate the preferred embodiment. However, no unnecessary limitations are to be construed by the terms used or illustrations depicted, beyond what is shown in the prior art, since the terms and illustrations are exemplary only, and are not meant to limit the scope of the present invention. * * * * *