Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer-implemented system for correlating overhead sky clearness for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising: a computer comprising a processor and memory within which code for execution by the processor is stored, comprising: a temporal distance module configured to determine a temporal distance comprising a physical distance between two locations, which are each within a geographic region suitable for operation of a photovoltaic fleet, in proportion to cloud speed within the geographic region; an input sky clearness module configured to generate a set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in a set of irradiance observations that has been regularly measured for one of the locations within the geographic region, and clear sky irradiance; a clearness index correlation coefficient module configured to determine a clearness index correlation coefficient between the two locations as an empirically-derived function of the temporal distance; and an output sky clearness module configured to weigh the set of input sky clearness indexes by the clearness index correlation coefficient to form a set of output sky clearness indexes, which indicates the sky clearness for the other of the locations. 2. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: the temporal distance module further configured to determine a further temporal distance between two other locations, which are each also within the geographic region and to identify a time lapse separating the temporal distance and the further temporal distance; the clearness index correlation coefficient module further configured to determine a further clearness index correlation coefficient between the two other locations as an empirically-derived function of the further temporal distance; and a clearness index correlation coefficient change module configured to determine a change in the clearness index correlation coefficient as a difference between the clearness index correlation coefficient and the further clearness index correlation coefficient. 3. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a stored time period relating to a time resolution of the measuring of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations; a time series module configured to divide the set of irradiance observations into a time series by increments of the time period and to form a time series set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and a statistics module configured to determine irradiance statistics from the time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each location in the geographic region. 4. A system according to claim 3, further comprising: the statistics module further configured to determine the irradiance statistics comprising at least one of: a mean module configured to evaluate a mean of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; a change in mean module configured to evaluate a change in the mean of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; a variance module configured to evaluate a variance of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and a change in variance module configured to evaluate a change in the variance of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series. 5. A system according to claim 3, further comprising: the output sky clearness module further configured to form a full set of the output sky clearness indexes for a plurality of additional locations, which are each within the geographic region for individual photovoltaic systems comprising the photovoltaic fleet; the time series module further configured to form a full time series set of the full set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; the statistics module further configured to determine irradiance statistics from full time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each additional location in the geographic region; and a power statistics module configured to build power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet as a function of the fleet irradiance statistics and a power rating of the photovoltaic fleet. 6. A system according to claim 5, further comprising: the power statistics module further configured to generate a time series of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet by applying a time lag correlation coefficient for an output time interval to the power statistics over each of the time period increments. 7. A system according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of: the input sky clearness module further configured to generate the set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations, and global horizontal irradiance; and the input sky clearness module further configured to generate the set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations, and direct normal irradiance. 8. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a stored performance model for each photovoltaic station in the photovoltaic fleet; and an area statistics module configured to infer apparent irradiance as area statistics based on the performance model selected and the power output of each photovoltaic station, and to determine the irradiance observations as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the apparent irradiance for the photovoltaic fleet. 9. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a data collection module configured to collect raw measured irradiance from ground-based weather stations, and to assemble the irradiance observations as point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the raw measured irradiance. 10. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a data collection module configured to collect area solar irradiance statistics, each comprising a set of pixels from satellite imagery of the geographic region; and a data conversion module configured to convert the area solar irradiance statistics to irradiance statistics for an average point within the set of pixels, and to determine the irradiance observations as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the set of pixels. 11. A computer-implemented method for correlating overhead sky clearness for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising the steps of: determining a temporal distance comprising a physical distance between two locations, which are each within a geographic region suitable for operation of a photovoltaic fleet, in proportion to cloud speed within the geographic region; generating a set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in a set of irradiance observations that has been regularly measured for one of the locations within the geographic region, and clear sky irradiance; determining a clearness index correlation coefficient between the two locations as an empirically-derived function of the temporal distance; and weighting the set of input sky clearness indexes by the clearness index correlation coefficient to form a set of output sky clearness indexes, which indicates the sky clearness for the other of the locations, wherein the steps are performed on a suitably-programmed computer. 12. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: determining a further temporal distance between two other locations, which are each also within the geographic region; identifying a time lapse separating the temporal distance and the further temporal distance; determining a further clearness index correlation coefficient between the two other locations as an empirically-derived function of the further temporal distance; and determining a change in the clearness index correlation coefficient as a difference between the clearness index correlation coefficient and the further clearness index correlation coefficient. 13. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: selecting a time period relating to a time resolution of the measuring of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations; dividing the set of irradiance observations into a time series by increments of the time period; forming a time series set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and determining irradiance statistics from the time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each location in the geographic region. 14. A method according to claim 13, further comprising the steps of: determining the irradiance statistics comprising at least one of the steps of: evaluating a mean of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; evaluating a change in the mean of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; evaluating a variance of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and evaluating a change in the variance of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series. 15. A method according to claim 13, further comprising the steps of: forming a full set of the output sky clearness indexes for a plurality of additional locations, which are each within the geographic region for individual photovoltaic systems comprising the photovoltaic fleet; forming a full time series set of the full set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; determining irradiance statistics from full time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each additional location in the geographic region; and building power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet as a function of the fleet irradiance statistics and a power rating of the photovoltaic fleet. 16. A method according to claim 15, further comprising the step of: generating a time series of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet by applying a time lag correlation coefficient for an output time interval to the power statistics over each of the time period increments. 17. A method according to claim 11, further comprising at least one of the steps of: generating the set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations, and global horizontal irradiance; and generating the set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in the set of irradiance observations, and direct normal irradiance. 18. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: selecting a performance model for each photovoltaic station in the photovoltaic fleet; inferring apparent irradiance as area statistics based on the performance model selected and the power output of each photovoltaic station; and determining the irradiance observations as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the apparent irradiance for the photovoltaic fleet. 19. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: collecting raw measured irradiance from ground-based weather stations; and assembling the irradiance observations as point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the raw measured irradiance. 20. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: collecting area solar irradiance statistics, each comprising a set of pixels from satellite imagery of the geographic region; converting the area solar irradiance statistics to irradiance statistics for an average point within the set of pixels; and determining the irradiance observations as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all values of the set of pixels. 21. A non-transitory computer readable storage medium storing code for executing on a computer system to perform the method according to claim 11. 22. A computer-implemented apparatus for correlating overhead sky clearness for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising: means for determining a temporal distance comprising a physical distance between two locations, which are each within a geographic region suitable for operation of a photovoltaic fleet, in proportion to cloud speed within the geographic region; means for generating a set of input sky clearness indexes as a ratio of each irradiance observation in a set of irradiance observations that has been regularly measured for one of the locations within the geographic region, and clear sky irradiance; means for determining a clearness index correlation coefficient between the two locations as an empirically-derived function of the temporal distance; and means for weighting the set of input sky clearness indexes by the clearness index correlation coefficient to form a set of output sky clearness indexes, which indicates the sky clearness for the other of the locations. 