Claims What is claimed is: 1. An area electric power system comprising: a number of direct current power sources; a number of inverters operatively associated with the number of direct current power sources, each of said number of inverters being structured to provide real power and controlled reactive power injection to detect islanding; an output powered by said number of inverters; a number of electrical switching apparatus structured to electrically connect the number of inverters to and electrically disconnect the number of inverters from a utility grid; a number of devices structured to detect islanding with respect to the utility grid responsive to a number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage of the output; and a resonant circuit electrically connected between said output and said number of electrical switching apparatus, wherein said resonant circuit is structured to not allow the alternating current frequency or the voltage of said output to drift when said number of inverters do not provide said real power and controlled reactive power injection of a sufficient amount to detect islanding. 2. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein one of the number of devices is a protection relay external to said number of inverters. 3. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein said number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage are selected from the group consisting of an under-frequency condition, an over-frequency condition, an under-voltage condition, and an over-voltage condition of the output. 4. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein the number of devices is a protection relay external to one of said number of inverters and an inverter controller structured to control said one of said number of inverters; and wherein said inverter controller is further structured to independently detect islanding by measuring inverter power factor deviation of said one of said number of inverters. 5. The area electric power system of claim 4 wherein said protection relay is structured to detect islanding by detecting a number of an under-frequency condition, an over-frequency condition, an under-voltage condition, and an over-voltage condition of the output. 6. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein one of the number of devices is an inverter controller structured to control one of said number of inverters; and wherein said inverter controller is further structured to detect islanding by measuring inverter power factor deviation of the one of said number of inverters. 7. The area electric power system of claim 6 wherein said inverter controller is further structured to switch said one of said number of inverters from a grid-parallel mode of operation to an intentional island mode of operation. 8. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein the output powered by said number of inverters is structured for operation in parallel with the utility grid; and wherein the number of direct current power sources are selected from the group consisting of energy storage, renewable energy sources, and non-renewable energy sources. 9. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein the output powered by said number of inverters is structured for operation in an intentional island when the utility grid is not present; and wherein the number of direct current power sources are selected from the group consisting of energy storage, renewable energy sources, and non-renewable energy sources. 10. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein said number of inverters is a plurality of inverters; and wherein all of said inverters are structured to inject reactive power, to adjust power factor in the same direction, to change the alternating current frequency, and to detect an under-frequency or over-frequency condition. 11. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein each of said number of inverters is further structured to change from a reactive power control mode to a frequency control mode after the alternating current frequency reaches a predetermined under-frequency or over-frequency value, and to disconnect from the utility grid and operate in an intentional island employing said frequency control mode at a predetermined frequency. 12. The area electric power system of claim 11 wherein each of said number of inverters is further structured to power a local load from the output in the frequency control mode. 13. The area electric power system of claim 1 wherein said number of inverters is a plurality of inverters; and wherein all of said inverters are structured to control output current phase angle in each of said inverters. 