Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power supply having a maximum power point tracking function, the power supply comprising: a converter section switching input power, and converting the switched input power into predetermined DC power; and a maximum power point tracking section detecting a voltage and a power value of the input power, dividing a variation of the detected power by a variation of the detected voltage, integrating a result of the division, and controlling the switching operation of the converter section according to a value of the integration, wherein the maximum power point tracking section comprises: an operator detecting a current and a voltage of the input power, and operating a voltage variation and a power variation from the detected voltage and current; and a switching controller comparing a predetermined reference signal with a value of the integration of the result obtained by dividing the power variation by the voltage variation, and controlling a switching-on duty ratio of the converter section according to a result of the comparison. 2. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the operator comprises: a multiplication unit multiplying the current and voltage detected from the input power to output power; a first sampling unit sampling the power from the multiplication unit; a first operation unit performing an operation of a power value sampled by the first sampling unit and a power value output from the multiplication unit to obtain a power variation; and a second sampling unit sampling the voltage detected from the input power; and a second operation unit performing an operation of a voltage value sampled by the second sampling unit and the detected voltage value to obtain a voltage variation. 3. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the switching controller comprises: a division unit dividing the power variation from the operator by the voltage variation; an integration unit integrating a result from the division unit; and a comparison unit supplying a switching control signal to increase a switching duty ratio of the converter section when the integration value from the integration unit is lower than a signal level of the reference signal, or a switching control signal to decrease a switching duty ratio when the integration value from the integration unit is higher than the signal level of the reference signal, wherein the reference signal is a sawtooth wave having a predetermined signal level. 4. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the converter section comprises: an inductor boosting a voltage level of the input power; a switch switching the power from the inductor according to the switching control signal; a diode rectifying the power switched by the switch; a capacitor stabilizing the power rectified by the diode. 5. The power supply of claim 1, further comprising: an inverter converting DC power from the converter section into predetermined AC power. 6. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the first and second sampling units sample the power value and the voltage value by using a sample and hold method. 7. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the input power is power input from a solar array, and the power supply is a solar photovoltaic generator. 