Claims What is claimed is: 1. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a chassis with a top, a bottom, two sides, a front, and a back; and inverter circuitry with individual components grouped in four subassemblies that are fastened individually to the chassis wherein each subassembly can be removed and replaced without removing any other subassembly or component such that the inverter can be quickly serviced in the field. 2. The inverter of claim 1 wherein the subassemblies comprise a control circuit, an isolation transformer, an inductor, and a power circuit. 3. The inverter of claim 2 wherein the components that comprise each subassembly are permanently wired and wherein wiring between subassemblies is designed to facilitate quick wiring of subassemblies to each other. 4. The inverter of claim 1 further comprising a heat sink on the top of chassis and where the subassemblies are fastened to the chassis in an arrangement that facilitates heat transfer through the heat sink and eliminates a need for a fan or external air. 5. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a chassis with a top, a bottom, two sides, a front, and a back that holds the inverter's electrical components; a mounting bracket that attaches to a wall or a post and includes a horizontal top bar at a top of the bracket; and a structure for removably fastening the back of the chassis to the mounting bracket that includes tabs fastened to the back of the chassis that hang on the bar to support the weight of the inverter. 6. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the mounting bracket is adapted to space the inverter from the wall or post to which it is attached by a distance that is sufficient to facilitate air flow across the back of the chassis whereby heat transfer is facilitated. 7. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the mounting bracket is adapted to be fastened to either a single wall stud or post or to two spaced wall studs. 8. The inverter of claim 7 wherein the mounting bracket has mounting holes that are aligned vertically to facilitate attachment to a single stud or post and also has holes that are aligned horizontally to facilitate attachment to two horizontally spaced studs. 9. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the horizontal bar comprises a recessed cutout that locates the tabs such that the inverter is centered laterally relative to the mounting bracket. 10. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the bracket comprises threaded holes at the bottom of the bracket that accept bolts to secure the inverter to the mounting bracket. 11. The inverter of claim 5 wherein electrical components are arranged in the chassis to allow free access to holes in the chassis through which bolts are passed to secure the inverter to the mounting bracket. 