Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar array, comprising: a plurality of strings, each respective string of the plurality of strings comprising a plurality of series-connected local management units (LMUs), and a plurality of solar modules, each solar module in the plurality of solar modules connected in parallel to a respective LMU of the plurality of LMUs; a parallel direct current (DC) bus; and a plurality of local string management units (LSMUs) connected in parallel to the parallel bus, each respective LSMU of the plurality of LSMUs connected to the respective string of the plurality of strings but not connected to the plurality of strings other than the respective string. 2. A solar array, comprising: a plurality of strings, each respective string of the plurality of strings comprising a plurality of series-connected local management units (LMUs), and a plurality of solar modules, each solar module in the plurality of solar modules connected in parallel to a respective LMU of the plurality of LMUs; a parallel bus; and a plurality of local string management units (LSMUs) connected in parallel to the parallel bus, each respective LSMU of the plurality of LSMUs connected to the respective string of the plurality of strings; wherein the respective LSMU of the plurality of LSMUs is configured to identify whether or not the respective string that the LSMU is connected to is within a range from an output voltage of a strongest string in the plurality of strings. 3. The solar array of claim 2, wherein the respective LSMU is configured to convert an output voltage of the respective string to a target voltage selected for the parallel bus. 4. The solar array of claim 3, wherein the target voltage is equal to the output voltage of the strongest string in the plurality of strings. 5. The solar array of claim 3, wherein the target voltage is equal to an average of output voltages of the plurality of strings that are within the range from the output voltage of the strongest string in the plurality of strings. 6. The solar array of claim 3, wherein the target voltage is less than an average of output voltages of the plurality of strings that are within the range from the output voltage of the strongest string in the plurality of strings. 7. The solar array of claim 3, wherein the target voltage is greater than the output voltage of the strongest string in the plurality of strings. 8. The solar array of claim 3, wherein the respective LSMU is configured to upconvert the output voltage of the respective string to the target voltage on the parallel bus. 9. The solar array of claim 8, wherein the respective LSMU is configured to downconvert the output voltage of the respective string to the target voltage on the parallel bus. 10. The solar array of claim 6, wherein the respective LSMU is operable in a bypass mode to connect the output voltage of the respective string directly to the parallel bus. 11. The solar array of claim 10, wherein the respective LSMU includes a switchable connection configured to reroute current through a low-loss conductive path in the bypass mode. 12. The solar array of claim 1, further comprising a system management unit configured to: monitor string output voltages; monitor a solar array output voltage; and instruct the LSMUs to upconvert or downconvert string output voltages to increase or decrease the solar array output voltage. 13. The solar array of claim 1, wherein the respective LSMU comprises: an input configured to receive an input voltage from the respective string; a voltage conversion portion connected to the input and configured to: convert the input voltage to a target voltage in a non-bypass mode, and provide a low-loss conductive path when operating in a bypass mode; and an output connected to the voltage conversion portion and configured to provide the target voltage to the parallel bus. 14. The solar array of claim 13, wherein: the voltage conversion portion is configure to operates in the bypass mode when the input voltage is within a predetermined range from an output voltage of a strongest string in the plurality of strings; and the voltage conversion portion converts the input voltage to the target voltage when the input voltage is not within the predetermined range from the output voltage of the strongest string in the plurality of strings. 15. The solar array of claim 13, wherein the plurality of LSMUs reside in a combiner box and connect to the parallel bus via the combiner box. 16. The solar array of claim 13, wherein the respective LSMU includes a switchable connection configured to reroute current through a low-loss conductive path in the bypass mode. 