Description The invention relates to a mounting device for disk-shaped substrates, such as solar wafers, with at least one comb-like holder having an elongated web, on which along the longitudinal extension (X-axis) thereof a plurality of comb elements arranged at equal distances from each other are provided, which relative to the longitudinal extension of the web protrude perpendicularly (Z-axis) over a uniform height and exhibit an identical total depth t.sub.ges corresponding to the width of the elongated web perpendicular (Y-axis) to the plane formed by the X and Z axis, wherein between the surfaces of neighboring comb elements facing each other at least one recess for the solar wafer to be mounted is formed with an outer contour, the middle axis of which runs in the direction of the Z-axis, and which exhibits a contact surface and a guiding surface, which are arranged relative to each other and parallel to the middle axis of the recess, for the solar wafer to be mounted in the recess. One transfer device for chip components shaped like a rectangular cuboid known from DE 199 13 134 A1 provides a mounting device in the form of a transfer disk, the periphery of which exhibits a plurality of recesses arranged at equal distances from each other in the form of transfer grooves, in which a cuboidal chip element is held via aspirated air and moved to another operating position when turning the transfer disk. The peripheral edge section of each transfer groove incorporates a stepped hole-shaped cavity, which can hold only one chip component. Since the radial length of the cavity is shorter than the long side of the chip component, a portion of the chip component contained in the cavity projects from the peripheral surface side of the transfer disk. One step in the lower surface between the cavity and transfer groove is smaller than the width of the short side of the chip component. This controls the movement of sequential chip components toward the outer diameter of the transfer disk. A device known from DE 199 06 805 B4 for transporting substrates to be machined, such as wafers, further provides a position-changing device, which has a pair of essentially rectangular holders spaced apart from each other, between which the wafers are to be arranged. Each holder is here provided on the side facing the other holder with a plurality of retaining grooves spaced reasonably apart in order to hold the wafers individually. The retaining grooves essentially have V-shaped cross sections, the opening sides of which are expanded in such a way as to prevent the retaining grooves and wafers from coming into contact as much as possible. The object of the invention is to provide disk-shaped substrates, such as solar wafers, with a mounting device having at least one comb-like holder, to be designed in a technically simple and economical way with a respective mounting gap fabricated as tightly as desired between respectively neighboring comb elements for a reliable holding and mounting of the respective solar wafer to be mounted both on a defined side of a comb element, as well as in a defined height in the comb-like holder. In addition, the mounting device according to the invention is to enable a backlash-free fixation of the solar wafers held therein. This object is achieved according to the invention by providing a mounting gap between the two respective neighboring comb elements of the elongated web of the at least one comb-like holder, the outer contour u.sub.S of which comprises the contact surface and guiding surface for the solar wafer to be accommodated in the mounting gap, formed in the direction of the X-axis with an arbitrary width by two recesses offset relative to each other in the direction of the X-axis, which have an outer contour u.sub.1 or u.sub.2, and a respective depth t.sub.1 or t.sub.2 smaller than the total depth t.sub.ges of each comb element, wherein the depth t.sub.1 and the depth t.sub.2 form the respective total depth t.sub.ges of each comb element, and the outer contour u.sub.1 or u.sub.2 has a groove on the web side with a slanted surface section on the web side that is located in a plane running in an inclined manner at an acute angle .alpha. relative to the plane of the contact surface of the mounting gap such that the solar wafer to be introduced into the mounting gap, when its lower edge engages with the slanted surface section of the groove of the outer contour u.sub.1 or u.sub.2, is to be glidingly shifted thereon into a predetermined position under the force of gravity while overcoming static friction, in which the solar wafer, upon rotating the comb-like holder around a predetermined acute angle relative to the vertical line on the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap, is brought with its surface facing the latter in planar contact on the contact surface, and in which there is simultaneously provided a tolerance between the surface of the solar wafer facing away from the contact surface and the guiding surface of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap running parallel to the contact surface. The depth t.sub.1 and depth t.sub.2 of the first recess or second recess between the respective comb elements neighboring each other are preferably identical, and the acute angle .alpha. can range from 46.degree. to 50.degree., depending on the material pairing of the comb-like holder and the solar wafer. Measured in the direction of the X-axis, the width of the mounting gap is identical to the thickness of the solar wafer plus the tolerance. The outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap can expand like a funnel into an opening area opposite to the direction in which the solar wafer is introduced by having the respective surfaces bordering the opening area that abut the guiding surface and the contact surface of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap as viewed in the longitudinal section of the comb-like holder be guided away from the guiding surface or from the contact surface at an acute angle .beta. or .gamma. within a range of 18.degree. to 22.degree. or within a range of 13.degree. to 17.degree., wherein the opening area of the outer contour u.sub.1 or u.sub.2 of the first or second recess that has the groove on the web side is designed like a stepped hole. In order to suitably ensure that each solar wafer comes to abut the contact surface of the outer contour u.sub.S of the corresponding mounting gap in a planar manner, the lower longitudinal edge of the web of the comb-like holder can be inclined relative to the vertical line on the contact surface of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap at an acute angle of 3.degree.. Each comb-like holder of the mounting device is preferably manufactured by machining a blank, e.g., one consisting of a flexible plastic, light metal or alloy of the latter and having the exterior dimensions of the finished comb-like holder, in such a way as to use a single milling cutter to completely fabricate the milling contour of the comb-like holder, initially in part starting from the one longitudinal side of the blank in the direction of the Y-axis to depth t.sub.1, and after subsequently turning the partially milled blank by 180.degree. around the Z-axis, completely fabricate the milling contour from its other longitudinal side in the direction of the Y-axis to depth t.sub.2. It is also possible to simultaneously machine the blank for manufacturing the comb-like holder starting from both of its longitudinal sides by means of a respective milling cutter to be correspondingly positioned. The comb-like holder according to the invention can also consist of two components to be fabricated simultaneously, the outer contour of which respectively corresponds to the outer contour u.sub.Schnitt of the two defined sheet metal blanks of the comb-like holder 1 given a longitudinal section of the latter, when the plane of the longitudinal section runs parallel to the X-axis at y=t.sub.1 or y=t.sub.ges-t.sub.2, and which are detachably screwed to each other while abutting in a planar manner at their facing longitudinal sides. As opposed to the conventional fabrication of the milling contour of a holder for thin parallel arranged substrates, e.g., silicon wafers, by means of a milling cutter in an operation in which the width of the mounting gap for each silicon wafer is defined by the thickness of the milling cutter, the comb-like holder of the mounting device according to the invention must be fabricated with as tight a mounting gap as desired. In addition, the milling contour of the comb-like holder ensures a planar abutment of all solar wafers to be held in the latter, both on a defined side of the outer contour of the mounting gap u.sub.S, as well as at a defined height of the latter. As a result, the comb-like holder of the mounting device according to the invention for disk-shaped substrates such as solar wafers is relatively easy and economical to manufacture from a technical standpoint with a mounting gap of any width desired. The mounting device according to the invention can have a paired arrangement of the comb-like holder, wherein the elongated webs of the two identically designed comb-like holders are to be arranged parallel at a distance from each other and aligned precisely relative to each other in the longitudinal profile for purposes of accommodating the solar wafer. At least one additional comb-like holder can suitably be provided, which is to be shifted in a controlled fashion in the longitudinal direction relative to the other comb-like holders in such a way that the solar wafer mounted in the mutually corresponding mounting gaps of the two fixed comb-like holders and the shiftable comb-like holder can be secured in a backlash-free position by the respective contact surface of the outer contour of the respectively corresponding mounting gap of the two comb-like holders and the guiding surface of the outer contour of the corresponding mounting gap of the shiftable comb-like holder. The elongated web of each of the two mutually spaced apart and identically designed comb-like holders can preferably be designed as a single piece with a final connecting base section, the upper surface of which incorporates a longitudinally running guide centrally between the two comb-like holders, into which the elongated web of the shiftable comb-like holder can be controllably shifted with its lower longitudinal edge parallel and aligned in longitudinal profile relative to the respective elongated web of the two outlying comb-like holders. In the backlash-free position of the solar wafer fixed by the comb-like holders, the shiftable comb-like holder is shifted, suitably in the longitudinal direction relative to the other comb-like holders to the plane mounted by the contact surfaces of the respective mounting gap of the two comb-like holders, by a distance equal to the clearance existing between the surface of the solar wafer facing away from the contact surfaces and the contact surface-parallel guiding surface of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap of each of the fixed comb-like holders. The elongated comb-like web of the shiftable comb-like holder can be designed identically to the elongated web of the fixed comb-like holder. As an alternative, the mounting gaps of the elongated web of the shiftable comb-like holder can be U-shaped when viewed in longitudinal section. Preferred embodiments of the mounting device according to the invention will now be described drawing reference to the drawings. Shown on: FIG. 1 is a top view of a longitudinal side of a comb-like holder of an embodiment of the mounting device; FIG. 2 is a sectional view of a detail denoted on FIG. 1 at the left ends of the comb-like holder, wherein a solar wafer is depicted in a mounting gap; FIG. 3 is a perspective view of the detail of the comb-like holder denoted on FIG. 1, viewed from the left front on the longitudinal side of the comb-like holder; FIG. 4 is a perspective view of the detail of the comb-like holder denoted on FIG. 1, viewed from the right on the longitudinal side of the comb-like holder, and on FIG. 5 is a view of a section perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of another embodiment of the comb-like holder, which consists of two components, and FIG. 6 is a perspective view of another embodiment of the mounting device with a solar wafer in a mounted position, in which the solar wafer is fixed backlash-free. A first embodiment of the mounting device for disk-shaped substrates such as solar wafers 2 consists of two identically designed comb-like holders 1 of the kind visible from FIGS. 1 to 4, which are to be spaced parallel apart and aligned precisely relative to each other in the longitudinal profile. The distance between the two comb-like holders can be smaller than the length of the lower edge 21 of the solar wafer 2, which is to be mounted in mutually corresponding mounting gaps 9 of the webs 3 of the two comb-like holders 1. As evident from FIGS. 1 to 4, the comb-like holder 1 has a web 3, on which along the longitudinal extension thereof in the direction of the X-axis a plurality of comb elements 4 arranged at an equal distance from each other are provided. The comb elements 4 relative to the longitudinal extension of the web 3 protrude in the direction of the Z-axis over a uniform height and exhibit an identical total depth t.sub.ges corresponding to the width b of the elongated web 3 perpendicular--in the direction of the Y-axis--to the plane formed by the X and Z-axis. As illustrated in particular by FIG. 2, a first recess 5 with an outer contour uA1 and a second recess 6 with an outer contour uA2 are provided between the neighboring comb elements 4, which are offset relative to each other in the direction of the X-axis. The depth t.sub.1 and depth t.sub.2 of the first recess 5 or second recess 6 are each smaller than the total depth t.sub.ges of each comb element 4, and together form the total depth t.sub.ges of each comb element 4. The depth t.sub.1 and depth t.sub.2 of the first recess 5 or second recess 6 can be identical. Offsetting the first recess 4 and second recess 5 in the direction of the X-axis relative to each other forms a mounting gap 9 of arbitrary width b.sub.H of an outer contour u.sub.S between the neighboring comb elements 4, which has a contact surface 7 and a guiding surface 8 for the solar wafer 2 to be accommodated in the mounting gap 9. The contact surface 7 and guiding surface 8 are arranged relative to each other and parallel to the middle axis A of the outer contour u.sub.A1 and the outer contour u.sub.A2 of the first recess 5 or the second recess 5 or 6, wherein the middle axis A essentially runs in the direction of the Z-axis. Measured in the direction of the X-axis, the width b.sub.H of the mounting gap 9 is equal to the thickness d of the solar wafer 2 plus a tolerance 14. The outer contour u.sub.A2 of the second recess 6 has a groove 10 on the web side with a slanted surface section 11 on the web side lying in a plane 12 that runs in an inclined manner at a predetermined acute angle .alpha. relative to the plane 13 of the contact surface 7 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9. The selected angle .alpha. can range from 46.degree. to 50.degree., depending on the material pairing of the web 3 and the solar wafer 2. As best visible from FIGS. 2 and 4, the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9 expands like a funnel into an opening area 15 of the outer contour u.sub.A1 of the first recess 5 between the corresponding neighboring comb elements 4, opposite the insertion direction R.sub.E of the solar wafer 2 into the mounting gap 9. Viewed in the longitudinal section of the comb-like holder 1 (FIG. 2), this opening area 15 is bordered by surfaces 16 and 17 of the neighboring comb elements, which abut the guiding surface 8 or contact surface 7 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9. The surface 16 is preferably outwardly guided at an acute angle (.beta.) which lies within a range of 18.degree. to 22.degree. to the guiding surface 8. The surface (17) is preferably outwardly guided at an acute angle (.gamma.), which lies within a range of 13.degree. to 17.degree. to the contact surface (7). The opening area of the outer contour u.sub.A2 of the second recess 6 having the groove 10 on the web side is designed as a stepped hole. When the lower edge 21 of the solar wafer 2 to be introduced into the mounting gap 9 engages with the slanted surface section 11 of the groove 10 of the outer contour uA2 of the second recess 6, the solar wafer 2 on the slanted surface section 11 is glidingly shifted downward into a predetermined position in the force of gravity while overcoming static friction, in which the solar wafer 2, upon rotating the comb-like holder 1 around a predetermined acute angle .phi. relative to the vertical line on the contact surface 7 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9, is brought with its surface 13 facing the latter in planar contact on the contact surface 7, and in which there is simultaneously provided a tolerance 14 between the surface 22 of the solar wafer 2 facing away from the contact surface 7 and the guiding surface 8 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9 running parallel to the contact surface 7. The acute angle .phi. usually measures 3.degree.. It is also possible to ensure planar contact between the solar wafer 2 and contact surface 7 while shifting the lower edge 21 of the solar wafer on the slanted surface section 11 of the groove 10 of the second recess 6 by fabricating the lower longitudinal edge 18 of the web 3 of the comb-like holder 1 in advance to be inclined at an acute angle of .phi.=3.degree. relative to the vertical line on the contact surface 7 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the second recess 6. In the embodiment of the comb-like holder 1 presented on FIG. 5, there are two components 19 and 20 that can be milled separately and simultaneously, the outer contour u.sub.19 or u.sub.20 of which corresponds to the respective outer contour u.sub.Schnitt of the two defined sheet metal blanks of the comb-like holder 1 given a longitudinal section of the latter, when the plane of the longitudinal section runs parallel to the X-axis at y=t.sub.1 or y=t.sub.ges-t.sub.w, which are detachably secured to each other while abutting in a planar manner at their facing longitudinal sides. FIG. 6 shows an embodiment of the mounting device with which the solar wafer 2 held by the latter can be fixed in a backlash-free position. This embodiment provides parallel identical comb-like holders 1 spaced apart from each other, the elongated web 3 of which is designed below as a single piece with a final connecting base section 24 with a planar bottom surface 25. Centrally arranged between the two fixed comb-like holders 1 in the upper surface of the base section 24 is a guide that runs in their longitudinal direction, in which the elongated web 3 of the shiftable comb-like holder 27, with its lower longitudinal edge 18 parallel and aligned in longitudinal profile relative to the respective elongated web 3 of the two outer comb-like holders 1, can be controllably guided to and fro, as denoted by the double arrow 26 on FIG. 6. For example, a robot can be used to control the process of shifting the shiftable holder 27 in the longitudinal direction from a base position, in which, to accommodate the solar wafer 2, the corresponding mounting gap 9 of the shiftable comb-like holder 27 is aligned with the respectively corresponding mounting gap 9 of the two outer comb-like holders 1, into the position in which the solar wafer 2 is fixed backlash-free by the two comb-like holders 1 and the shiftable comb-like holder 27, and back into the base position. In the backlash-free, fixed position of the solar wafer 2, the shiftable comb-like holder 27 is shifted from the base position in the longitudinal direction relative to the two comb-like holders 1 to the plane mounted by the contact surfaces 7 of the respectively corresponding mounting gap 9 of the two comb-like holders 1, by a distance equal to the clearance 14 existing between the surface 22 of the solar wafer 22 facing away from the contact surfaces 7 and the respective contact surface 7-parallel guiding surface 8 of the outer contour u.sub.S of the mounting gap 9 of each of the two comb-like holders 1. LIST OF REFERENCE NUMBERS 1 Comb-like holder 2 Solar wafer 3 Web 4 Comb element 5 First recess 6 Second recess 7 Contact surface 8 Guiding surface 9 Mounting gap 10 Web-side groove 11 Web-side slanted surface section of groove 12 Plane of web-side surface section of groove 13 Solar wafer surface facing the contact surface 14 Tolerance 15 Opening area 16 Surface bordering the contact surface 17 Surface bordering the guiding surface 18 Lower longitudinal edge of the web 19 First component 20 Second component 21 Lower edge of solar wafer 22 Predetermined position in the web-side slanted surface section of the groove 23 Solar wafer surface facing away from the contact surface 24 Base section 25 Bottom surface of base section 26 Dual direction arrow for the shiftability of the shiftable comb-like holder 26 Shiftable comb-like holder u.sub.A Outer contour of a recess A Middle axis of the recess with outer contour uA u.sub.A1 Outer contour of the first recess u.sub.A2 Outer contour of the second recess u.sub.S Outer contour of the mounting gap u.sub.Schnitt Outer contour of the sheet metal blanks u.sub.19 Outer contour of the first component u.sub.20 Outer contour of the second component t.sub.1 Depth of the first recess t.sub.2 Depth of the second recess t.sub.ges Total depth of the comb element b Width of the web b.sub.H Width of the mounting gap d Thickness of the solar wafer R.sub.E Insertion direction of the solar wafer into the mounting gap .alpha. Angle of inclination of the plane of the web-side surface section .beta. Angle of inclination of the surface neighboring the guiding surface .gamma. Angle of inclination of the surface neighboring the contact surface .phi. Angle of inclination of the lower longitudinal edge of the web * * * * *