Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel overlay to be secured to a shingled roof deck, said solar panel overlay comprising: a substrate; a plurality of rows of photovoltaic cells on said substrate, wherein said solar panel overlay is shaped to define a step between each row of photovoltaic cells to provide vertical relief between the rows of photovoltaic cells and wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide an upper surface having an appearance that mimics that of said shingled roof deck; and a plurality of mounting formations on an undersurface of said substrate configured to slidingly engage associated mounting formations on said shingled roof deck, wherein upon installation of said solar panel overlay to said shingled roof deck, the mounting formations on said substrate and shingled roof deck are covered by said substrate and hidden from view when looking downwardly at said solar panel overlay. 2. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein the rows of photovoltaic cells are electrically connected in series. 3. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein each of said steps defines a riser, an undersurface of at least some of said risers carrying at least one said mounting formation. 4. A solar panel overlay according to claim 3 wherein each of said risers carries at least one said mounting formation. 5. A solar panel overlay according to claim 4 wherein each of said mounting formations is a rail configured to slidingly engage upstanding clips secured to said shingled roof deck. 6. A solar panel overlay according to claim 2 further comprising connectors along at least one side of said solar panel overlay to engage an adjacent solar panel overlay. 7. A solar panel overlay according to claim 6 further comprising electrical connectors on one side of said solar panel overlay at spaced locations, said electrical connectors being coupled to first and last photovoltaic cells in said series and being configured to receive an electrical service. 8. A solar panel overlay according to claim 7 wherein said connectors are provided along only one side of said solar panel overlay, said connectors and electrical connectors being located along the same side of said solar panel overlay. 9. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of randomly arranged composite shingles. 10. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of slate or faux slate shingles. 11. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of Spanish or faux Spanish shingles. 12. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein the upper surface of said solar panel overlay along said rows of photovoltaic cells is embossed to provide height variations along each row of photovoltaic cells. 13. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic cells are encapsulated within a laminate. 14. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of composite shingles. 15. A solar panel overlay according to claim 14 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of randomly arranged composite shingles. 16. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of slate or faux slate shingles. 17. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of Spanish or faux Spanish shingles. 18. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 wherein the upper surface of said laminate along said rows of photovoltaic cells is embossed to provide height variations along each row of photovoltaic cells. 19. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 wherein each of said steps defines a riser, an undersurface of each of said risers carrying at least one said mounting formation. 20. A solar panel overlay according to claim 19 wherein each of said mounting formations is a rail configured to engage upstanding clips secured to said shingled roof deck. 21. A solar panel overlay according to claim 13 further comprising connectors along one side of said solar panel overlay to engage an adjacent solar panel overlay. 22. A solar panel overlay according to claim 21 further comprising electrical connectors on said one side at spaced locations, said electrical connectors being coupled to the first and last photovoltaic cells in said series and being configured to receive an electrical service. 23. A solar panel overlay assembly comprising: a plurality of interconnected solar panel overlays, each of said solar panel overlays being of the type according to claim 1. 24. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 23 further comprising mating formations on adjacent interconnected solar panel overlays. 25. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 24 wherein said interconnected solar panel overlays are arranged in an array comprising a plurality of rows, the solar panel overlays in each row of said array being electrically connected in series. 26. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 25 wherein the solar panel overlays are configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of composite shingles. 27. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 26 wherein the solar panel overlays are configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of randomly arranged composite shingles. 28. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 25 wherein the solar panel overlays are configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of slate or faux slate shingles. 29. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 25 wherein the solar panel overlays are configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of Spanish or faux Spanish shingles. 30. A building roof structure comprising a shingled roof deck and at least one solar panel overlay according to claim 1 secured to said shingled roof deck. 31. A building roof structure according to claim 30 comprising at least one void between said shingled roof deck and said at least one solar panel overlying to facilitate heat dissipation. 32. A building roof structure according to claim 31 wherein each of said steps defines a riser, an undersurface of at least some of said risers carrying at least one said mounting formation. 33. A building roof structure according to claim 32 wherein each of said mounting formations is a rail that slidingly engages upstanding clips secured to said shingled roof deck. 34. A building roof structure according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of composite shingles. 35. A building roof structure according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of slate or faux slate shingles. 36. A building roof structure according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay is configured to provide the upper surface with an appearance that mimics the appearance of Spanish or faux Spanish shingles. 