Claims I claim: 1. A method of mounting a flexible photovoltaic material onto a surface, said method comprising the steps of: providing a first and a second elongated web of said flexible photovoltaic material; disposing said first and second elongated webs on the surface in a longitudinally aligned relationship with one another, wherein a first edge of said first elongated web abuts a first edge of said second elongated web to form a longitudinal engagement point; securing at least one clamping strip onto the longitudinal engagement point, said clamping strip adapted to secure the longitudinal engagement point in a stable position; and securing a batten cap over said clamping strip, said batten cap having a curved first surface and a curved second surface, said curved first surface of the batten cap contacting a complementary curved surface of said first elongated web, said curved second surface of the batten cap contacting a complementary curved surface of said second elongated web, wherein the batten cap urges the first and second elongated webs against each other at said longitudinal engagement point. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising securing a plurality of batten caps and a plurality of clamping strips over said longitudinal engagement point. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said surface that the flexible photovoltaic material is mounted onto comprises a roof deck. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising disposing a membrane material onto said root deck prior to said disposing of first and second elongated webs. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising the step of applying a sheet of membrane material between the roof deck and said first and second elongated webs of flexible photovoltaic material. 6. The method of claim 3, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication to each of said elongated webs of flexible photovoltaic material. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication in a region of a soffit of the root. 8. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical connection in a region of a ridge of the roof. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication proximate a transverse extending edge of each of said elongated webs of flexible photovoltaic material. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein said longitudinal engagement point forms a substantially triangular shape having said surface as a base that the flexible photovoltaic material is mounted onto, said first edge of said first elongated web as a first side and said first edge of said second elongated web as a second side. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein said curved first surface of said batten cap has an arcuate shape configured to resiliently maintain contact with said complimentary curved surface of the first elongated web. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising securing a portion of said first elongated web to said surface that the flexible photovoltaic material is mounted onto utilizing a securing means and securing a portion of said second elongated web to the surface utilizing a securing means. 13. A system for securing photovoltaic material onto a surface, comprising: a first flexible web of photovoltaic material and a second flexible web of photovoltaic material, said first and second flexible webs set onto the surface in a longitudinally aligned relationship with one another, wherein a first edge of said first flexible web abuts a first edge of said second flexible web to form a longitudinal engagement point; at least one clamping strip secured onto the longitudinal engagement point without utilizing a mechanical fastener, said clamping strip adapted to secure the longitudinal engagement point in a stable position; and a batten cap secured over said clamping strip, said batten cap having a curved first surface and a curved second surface, said curved first surface of the batten cap contacting a complementary curved surface of said first flexible web, said curved second surface of the batten cap contacting a complementary curved surface of said second flexible web, wherein the batten cap urges the first and second flexible webs against each other at the longitudinal engagement point. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein each of said first and second flexible webs comprises a generally central photovoltaic area encapsulated within a polymeric material, said polymeric material having both side and end extending edges beyond said photovoltaic area and a pair of contact terminals extending from a selected end of each of said flexible webs for establishing electrical communication with the photovoltaic area. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein said longitudinal engagement point forms a substantially triangular shape having said surface as a base that the photovoltaic material is mounted onto, said first edge of said first flexible web as a first side and said first edge of said second flexible web as a second side. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein said clamping strip is fabricated from a material selected from the group consisting of aluminum, iron, steel, stainless steel, nylons or polystyrene. 17. The system of claim 13, wherein said batten cap is fabricated from a material selected from the group consisting of aluminum, iron, steel, stainless steel, nylons or polystyrene. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein each of said first and second flexible webs has a substantially uniform thickness throughout cross sections having said photovoltaic area, said uniform thickness tapering to a thinner thickness at said edges and sides of said polymeric material. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein said curved first surface of batten cap has an arcuate shape configured to resiliently maintain contact with said complimentary curved surface of the first flexible web. 20. The system of claim 13, further comprising a portion of said first flexible web secured to said surface that the photovoltaic material is mounted onto utilizing a securing means and a portion of said second flexible web to secured to the surface utilizing a securing means. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein said means for securing is selected from the group consisting of screws, nails and adhesive. 22. The system of claim 13, further comprising a ridge roller configured to rotatably secure a spool of photovoltaic material to facilitate the drawing and sectioning of discreet lengths of photovoltaic material, at least one of said first flexible web of photovoltaic material and said second flexible web of photovoltaic material supplied by said spool. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein said ridge roller comprises a first set of legs adapted to run along a first rail; a second set of legs adapted to run along a second rail, said second rail approximately parallel to said first rail; and a cradle adapted to rotatably support said spool. 24. The system of claim 22, wherein said ridge roller comprises a first sliding panel having a first set of wheels; a second sliding panel having a second set of wheels; at least one first locking means, said first locking means adapted to lock said first sliding panel into a desired position; and at least one second locking means, said second locking means adapted to lock said second sliding panel into a desired position. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein said first set of wheels is adapted to run along a first rail and a second set of wheels adapted to run along a second rail, said second rail approximately parallel to said first rail. 