Claims I claim: 1. A protective covering for, and in combination with, a roof-mounted system that is attached with a mounting bracket attached to a sloping roof using fasteners, comprising: a fastening member penetrating a shingle and underlining structure of said roof for attaching said mounting bracket to said roof; said roof-mounted system supported and spaced from said roof by a mounting member connected to said mounting bracket and said roof-mounted system; a portion of at least one shingle being cut away to accommodate said bracket mounted on said roof; a protective cover for enclosing said fastening member and at least a portion of said mounting bracket for preventing fastening leaks of water through said roof; said protective cover comprising a flat, malleable waterproof material molded to form a flat top surface extending from a flashing flange of said protective cover to a distal end of said protective cover and having triangular-shaped side walls; said flashing flange of said protective cover extending under a distal end of a shingle, said top surface extending out from said flashing flange in a slight rise, downwardly with respect to the roof to form said triangular-shaped side walls, said distal end of said protective cover covering the fastener and said portion of said bracket which the fastener fastens to the roof. 2. The combination of claim 1 in which said bracket is L-shaped, with said fastener extending through one leg of the L-shaped bracket into said underlying roof structure. 3. The combination of claim 2 in which said roof mounted system comprises a photovoltaic PV racking system. 4. The system of claim 1 in which said protected cover has a flap extending down from a distal edge of said protective cover forming a drip edge for providing further shielding of said fastener. 5. The system of claim 1 in which said flat top surface comprises front, rear, and side edges, said pair of triangular-shaped side wall extending down from said side edges of said protective cover from the rear edge of said flat top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said flat top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said side walls. 6. The system of claim 1 having sealant on said distal end of the shingle for preventing water seepage under said protective cover. 7. The system of claim 1 in which multiple mounting brackets are mounted on more than one shingle to support said roof-mounted system. 8. The system of claim 1 in which said fastening member is a lag bolt. 9. The system of claim 1 in which said protective cover is of one piece construction. 10. The system of claim 1 in which said roof-mounted system comprises a solar panel. 11. A roof mounted solar panel system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a solar panel above and spaced from said shingles whereby no part of said solar panel is in contact with any shingles on said roof; said bracket assembly attached to said roof through a first of said shingles; said bracket assembly comprising an L-shaped member with a first leg of said L-shaped member flush against an upper surface of said first shingle; a fastener extending through said first leg and said first shingle for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a protective cover of single piece construction having a flat top surface with front, rear, and side edges, a pair of triangular shaped side walls extending down from said side edges from the rear edge of said flat top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said flat top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said side walls; the rear edge of said flat top surface resting on the top surface of said first shingle adjacent an edge of a second, uphill shingle overlapping a rear, upper portion of said first shingle whereby said flat top surface slopes downwardly and away from the upper surface of said first shingle; said flanges extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle; the flat top surface of said protective cover extending over said first leg of said L-shaped bracket assembly covering said fastener and preventing water seepage on an about said fastener, and a mounting bar attached to and extending out from a second leg of said L-shaped bracket past a leading edge of said flat top surface for supporting said solar panel. 