Claims I claim: 1. A multi-use electric tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid ceramic substrate having a top side and at least two side edges, (b) at least one male connector and at least one female connector integrated respectively into said side edges of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; and (c) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least two connectors. 2. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises a photovoltaic cell. 3. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises a thermovoltaic cell. 4. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises an electroluminescent material. 5. A floor made up of tiles comprising the tile of claim 1. 6. The tile of claim 1, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 7. The tile of claim 2, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises a thin film photovoltaic cell. 8. The tile of claim 3, wherein said thermovoltaic cell comprises a thin film thermovoltaic cell. 9. The tile of claim 1, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate. 10. The tile of claim 9, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of a fired ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 11. The tile of claim 9, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 12. An electric roof tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side, a bottom side, and four side edges connecting said top and bottom sides, (b) a tab extending outwardly from the bottom side, (c) at least one male connector and at least one female connector for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to another rigid substrate, wherein one of said male and female connectors is housed in said tab and the other of said male and female connectors extends from a front side edge of said tile; and (d) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least one male and one female connectors. 13. The roof tile of claim 12, wherein said rigid substrate is curved in cross-section. 14. The roof tile of claim 12, wherein said electrical element comprises a photovoltaic cell. 15. The roof tile of claim 12, wherein said electrical element comprises a thermovoltaic cell. 16. The root tile of claim 12, wherein said electrical element comprises an electroluminescent material. 17. The roof tile of claim 12, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 18. The roof tile of claim 12, wherein said rigid substrate comprises ceramic. 19. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises a thin film photovoltaic cell. 20. The roof tile of claim 15, wherein said thermovoltaic cell comprises a thin film thermovoltaic cell. 21. A roof made from tiles comprising the roof tile of claim 12. 22. The roof tile of claim 12, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical component to said rigid substrate. 23. The roof tile of claim 22, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the coup consisting of a fired ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 24. The roof tile of claim 22, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 25. A multi-use electric tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side and at least one side edge, (b) at least two connectors integrated into said side edge of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; and (c) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least two connectors, wherein said electrical element comprises a thermovoltaic cell or an electroluminescent material. 26. A floor made up of tiles comprising the tile of claim 25. 27. The tile of claim 25, wherein said rigid substrate comprises ceramic. 28. The tile of claim 25, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 29. The tile of claim 25, wherein said at least two connectors comprises a female connector and a male connector. 30. The tile of claim 25, wherein said thermovoltaic cell comprises a thin film thermovoltaic cell. 31. The tile of claim 25, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate. 32. The tile of claim 31, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of a fired ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 33. The tile of claim 31, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 34. A multi-use electric tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate formed of a ceramic having a top side and at least one side edge, (b) at least two connectors integrated into said side edge of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; and (c) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connecting to said at least two connectors. 35. The tile of claim 34, wherein said electrical element comprises a photovoltaic cell, a thermovoltaic cell or an electroluminescent material. 36. The tile of claim 34, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 37. The tile of claim 34, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate. 38. The tile of claim 37, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of fired a ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 39. The tile of claim 37, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 40. A multi-use electric tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side and at least one side edge, (b) at least two connectors integrated into said side edge of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; (c) at least one electrical element comprising a thin film photovoltaic cell disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least two connectors; and (d) a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate, wherein sand sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of a fired ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 41. The tile of claim 40, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 42. The tile of claim 40, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 43. A floor made up of a plurality of electric tile modules, each module comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side and at least one side edge, (b) at least two connectors integrated into said side edge of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; and (c) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least two connectors. 44. The tile of claim 43, wherein said electrical element comprises photovoltaic cell, a thermovoltaic cell, or an electroluminescent material. 45. The tile of claim 43, wherein said rigid substrate comprises ceramic. 46. The tile of claim 43, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 47. The tile of claim 43, wherein said at least two connectors comprise a female connector and a male connector. 48. The tile of claim 43, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises a thin film photovoltaic cell. 49. The tile of claim 43, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate. 50. The tile of claim 43, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of a fired ceramic glaze, a liquid glaze, a sol gel, a thick film, a polymer coating, glass and a combination thereof. 51. The tile of claim 43, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 