Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of analog maximum power point tracking in a photovoltaic power generation device including a DC-DC converter for an output voltage of at least one panel controlled by a pulse width modulated (PWM) drive signal of a variable duty-cycle generated by a PWM control circuit, the method comprising: detecting whether the DC-DC converter is in one of a discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) and a continuous conduction mode (CCM), the photovoltaic power generation device switching between the DCM and the CCM based upon a load condition of the DC-DC converter; analog multiplying of a current voltage at panel terminals by a time ratio of a current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal for producing a first analog product signal corresponding to a current power output from the at least one panel when the DC-DC converter is in DCM; analog multiplying of a magnitude signal representing a voltage drop of the DC-DC converter during conduction phases by a voltage gain factor and low pass filtering a result signal for producing a second analog product signal corresponding to a current power output to an electrical load of the DC-DC converter when in CCM; comparing a first input signal, the first input signal being selected from one of the first and second analog product signals as representing an actual current power output from the at least one panel, with a second input signal, the second input signal comprising one of a delayed replica of the first input signal and a time averaged value of the first input signal, the comparing for determining when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal and for outputting a flag signal thereupon; and inverting a sign of variation of the duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one panel comprises a plurality thereof being series-parallel connected. 3. A method of power point tracking in a photovoltaic power generation device including a DC-DC converter for an output voltage of at least one panel controlled by a pulse width modulated (PWM) drive signal, the method comprising: detecting whether the DC-DC converter is in one of a discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) and a continuous conduction mode (CCM); analog multiplying of a current voltage at panel terminals by a current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal for producing a first analog product signal corresponding to a current power output from the at least one panel when the DC-DC converter is in DCM; analog multiplying of a magnitude signal representing a voltage drop of the DC-DC converter during conduction phases by a voltage gain factor and low pass filtering a result signal for producing a second analog product signal corresponding to a current power output to an electrical load of the DC-DC converter when in CCM; comparing a first input signal, the first input signal being selected from one of the first and second analog product signals as representing an actual current power output from the at least one panel, with a second input signal, the comparing for determining when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal and for outputting a flag signal thereupon; and inverting a sign of variation of the duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the photovoltaic power generation device switches between the DCM and the CCM based upon a load condition of the DC-DC converter. 5. The method of claim 3 wherein the second input signal comprises one of a delayed replica of the first input signal and a time averaged value of the first input signal. 6. The method of claim 3 wherein the at least one panel comprises a plurality thereof being series-parallel connected. 7. The method of claim 3 further comprising performing a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) operation. 8. An analog maximum power point tracking circuit for a photovoltaic power generation device including a DC-DC converter of a voltage at terminals of a plurality of panels having a power switch controlled by a pulse width modulated (PWM) drive signal of variable duty-cycle generated by a PWM control circuit, the analog maximum power tracking circuit comprising: a detector for detecting whether the DC-DC converter is in one of a discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) and a continuous conduction mode (CCM), the photovoltaic power generation device switches between the DCM and the CCM based upon a load condition of the DC-DC converter; a first analog multiplier circuit of a current voltage at panel terminals by a time ratio of a current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal of the power switch for producing a first analog product signal representing a current power output from the at least one panel when the DC-DC converter is in the DCM; a charge pump input stage for sampling a voltage drop on the power switch of the DC-DC converter during conduction phases for producing an output voltage of cumulative level for a pre-established number of PWM cycles, said charge pump input stage including a second analog multiplier circuit for multiplying the output voltage by a complementary value of a time ratio of the current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal for producing a second analog product signal representing a current power output absorbed by a load of the DC-DC converter when in the CCM; an analog power tracking circuit including a comparator of a first input signal, the first input signal being selected between the first and second analog product signals for being an actual power output, with a second input signal, the second input signal comprising at least one of a delayed replica of the first input signal and a time averaged value of the first input signal, the comparing for determining when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal and for outputting a flag signal thereupon; and an inverter circuit for inverting a sign of variation of the duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal based upon by the flag signal. 9. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 8 wherein said analog power tracking circuit includes a distributed RC network, the RC network having time constants between 10 and 100 times a period of the PWM drive signal and being connected to an input of the comparator for delaying the replica of the first input signal. 10. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 8 wherein said analog power tracking circuit includes a single RC input circuit having a time constant between 500 and 1,000 times a period of the PWM drive signal, said single RC input circuit being connected to an input of the comparator for providing the time averaged value of the first input signal. 11. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 8 wherein the DC-DC converter is a step-up converter using a synchronous rectifier through which energy stored in a reactive element of the DC-DC converter during ON phases of the power switch transfers to the load of the DC-DC converter. 12. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 11 further comprising a monitoring circuit configured to monitor a sign of a bias of said synchronous rectifier, said monitoring circuit configured to flag the DCM when said synchronous rectifier is reverse biased during OFF phases of the power switch of the DC-DC converter. 13. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 11 wherein said synchronous rectifier comprises a diode. 14. The analog maximum power point tracking circuit of claim 8 wherein the power switch of the DC-DC converter is a metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET). 15. A power point tracking circuit for a photovoltaic power generation device including a DC-DC converter of a voltage at terminals of at least one panel controlled by a pulse width modulated (PWM) drive signal, the power tracking circuit comprising: a detector for detecting whether the DC-DC converter is in one of a discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) and a continuous conduction mode (CCM); a first analog multiplier circuit of a current voltage at panel terminals by a current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal for producing a first analog product signal representing a current power output from the at least one panel when the DC-DC converter is in the DCM; a charge pump input stage for sampling a voltage drop on the DC-DC converter during conduction phases for producing an output voltage of cumulative level for a pre-established number of PWM cycles, said charge pump input stage including a second analog multiplier circuit for multiplying the output voltage by a complementary value of the current duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal for producing a second analog product signal representing a current power output absorbed by a load of the DC-DC converter when in the CCM; an analog power tracking circuit including a comparator of a first input signal, the first input signal being selected between the first and second analog product signals for being an actual power output, with a second input signal, the comparing for determining when the second input signal becomes greater than the first input signal and for outputting a flag signal thereupon; and an inverter circuit for inverting a sign of variation of the duty-cycle of the PWM drive signal based upon by the flag signal. 16. The power point tracking circuit of claim 15 wherein the photovoltaic power generation device switches between the DCM and the CCM based upon a load condition of the DC-DC converter. 17. The power point tracking circuit of claim 15 wherein the second input signal comprises one of a delayed replica of the first input signal and a time averaged value of the first input signal. 18. The power point tracking circuit of claim 15 wherein the at least one panel comprises a plurality thereof being series-parallel connected. 19. The power point tracking circuit of claim 17 wherein said analog power tracking circuit includes a distributed RC network, the RC network having time constants between 10 and 100 times a period of the PWM drive signal and being connected to an input of the comparator for delaying the replica of the first input signal. 20. The power point tracking circuit of claim 17 wherein said analog power tracking circuit includes a single RC input circuit having a time constant between 500 and 1,000 times a period of the PWM drive signal, said single RC input circuit being connected to an input of the comparator for providing the time averaged value of the first input signal. 21. The power point tracking circuit of claim 15 further comprising a hysteresis flag processing circuit for validating a DCM recognition when the flag signal occurs for at least a number of successive PWM cycles, and a CCM recognition when the flag is absent for at least the number of successive PWM cycles. 22. The power point tracking circuit of claim 15 further comprising a threshold control circuit for: comparing a reference voltage with a triangular waveform for generating the PWM drive signal; and keeping the reference voltage within a voltage range to limit a range of variation of the duty-cycle between 10% and 90%. 