Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar power generation system comprising: a DC to AC converter coupled to a photovoltaic (PV) module and for supplying power to a power network; a control system comprising: a power point tracker to extract either maximum power available from the PV module or less than maximum power available from the PV module; a frequency monitor to obtain a network frequency from the power network; an internal reference frame element to provide an internal reference frequency of the solar power generation system; a frequency comparator to compare the network frequency and the internal reference frequency; and a command signal generator to use the frequency comparison to determine whether a transient increase or decrease in commanded output power is warranted and to provide a command signal. 2. The solar power generation system of claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter is coupled to the power network along a power line, wherein the solar power generation system further comprises an energy storage unit coupled to the power line through an additional power converter, and wherein the control system is further configured for providing switching commands to the additional power converter to obtain energy from or supply energy to the energy storage unit when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 3. The solar power generation system of claim 2 further comprising a DC to DC converter coupling the PV module to the DC to AC converter, and wherein the additional power converter comprises an additional DC to DC converter coupled to a DC link between the DC to DC converter and the DC to AC converter. 4. The solar power generation system of claim 1 further comprising an energy storage unit coupled to an additional DC to AC converter, wherein the control system is further configured for providing switching commands for the additional DC to AC converter to extract additional energy from the energy storage unit or provide energy to the energy storage unit when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 5. The solar power generation system of claim 1 wherein the control system is configured to, during normal operating conditions, operate in a curtailed mode, and, during transient unstable frequency conditions, provide command signals from the command signal generator to the power point tracker to increase or reduce the amount of output power to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 6. The solar power generation system of claim 5 further comprising an energy storage unit for supplying additional power when power from the PV module is insufficient to support the frequency stabilization. 7. The solar power generation system of claim 1 wherein the internal reference frame element comprises an element to obtain an internal frequency from an integral of a comparison of a power command and a measured power signal, a washout filter, or a fixed internal reference frame element. 8. The solar power generation system of claim 1 wherein the command signal generator is configured to provide a command signal to increase the commanded output power when the network reference frequency is less than the internal reference frequency by a first comparison limit. 9. The solar power generation system of claim 8 wherein the command signal generator is configured to provide a command signal to decrease the commanded output power when the network frequency is greater than the internal reference frequency by a second comparison limit. 10. A solar power generation system comprising: (a) a DC to AC converter for receiving power from a photovoltaic (PV) module and supplying power to a power network, wherein the DC to AC converter is coupled to the power network along a power line; (b) an energy storage unit coupled to the power line through an additional power converter for supplying or absorbing energy when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network; (c) a control system comprising: (i) a power point tracker to extract either (a) maximum power available from the PV module or (b) less than maximum power available from the PV module; (ii) a frequency monitor to obtain a network frequency from the power network; (iii) an internal reference frame element to provide an internal reference frequency of the solar power generation system; (iv) a frequency comparator to compare the network frequency and the internal reference frequency; and (v) a command signal generator to provide a command signal to adjust the commanded output power, the supply or absorption of energy by the energy storage unit, or both when the network frequency differs from the internal reference frequency by a comparison limit. 11. The solar power generation system of claim 10 further comprising a DC to DC converter coupling the PV module to the DC to AC converter, and wherein the additional power converter comprises an additional DC to DC converter coupled to a DC link between the DC to DC converter and the DC to AC converter. 12. The solar power generation system of claim 10 wherein the additional power converter comprises an additional DC to AC converter, and wherein the control system is further configured for providing switching commands for the additional DC to AC converter to extract additional energy from the energy storage unit or provide energy to the energy storage unit when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 13. A method of operating a solar power generation system comprising, a photovoltaic (PV) module, a DC to AC converter coupled to the PV module and for supplying power to a power network, the method comprising: using a power point tracker element to extract either maximum power available from the PV module or less than maximum power available from the PV module; obtaining a network frequency from the power network; providing an internal reference frequency of the solar power generation system; comparing the network frequency and the internal reference frequency; and using the frequency comparison to determine whether a transient increase or decrease in commanded output power is warranted and to provide a command signal. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising extracting additional energy from an energy storage unit when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising providing energy through a DC link of the power generation system to the energy storage unit when needed to support frequency stabilization of the power network or when needed to recharge the energy storage unit. 16. The method of claim 13 wherein controlling comprises, during normal operating conditions, operating the power generation system in a curtailed mode, and, during transient unstable frequency conditions, increasing or reducing the amount of output power from the power generation system to support frequency stabilization of the power network. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein providing the internal reference frequency comprises obtaining an internal frequency from an integral of a comparison of a power command and a measured power signal, a washout filter, or a fixed internal reference frame element. 18. The method of claim 13 wherein the commanded output power is increased when the network frequency is less than the internal reference frequency by a first comparison limit. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the commanded output power is decreased when the network frequency is greater than the internal reference frequency by a second comparison limit. 