Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules wherein each solar module has a frame; and a plurality of splices for coupling the frames of the plurality of solar modules together by inserting each end of each splice into two adjacent solar module frames; wherein the plurality of splices provides rigidity to the frames of the plurality of solar modules coupled together, wherein each of the splices comprises: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the plurality of splices provides a grounding path for the modules. 3. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the coupling mechanism comprise one or more raised features on the body. 4. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the secure mechanism comprises one or more screws. 5. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together. 6. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets designed so that improper wiring is prevented by the shape of the connector socket. 7. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure. 8. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 9. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 10. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein a first raised feature provides a stop for the splice and a second raised feature providing a grounding path for one or more of the splices. 11. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein each splice has a tapered body. 12. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein mounting brackets are pre-installed on each of the modules and used to securely stack modules and other installation components for shipment. 