Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer-implemented system for correlating satellite imagery for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising: a computer comprising a processor and memory within which code for execution by the processor is stored, comprising: a pixel correlation module configured to correlate a set of pixels in satellite imagery data of overhead sky clearness to a bounded area within a geographic region, each pixel representing collective irradiance over a plurality of points within the bounded area, each point suitable for operation of a photovoltaic system comprised in a photovoltaic fleet; an averaging module configured to convert the collective irradiance into a set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area relative to clear sky irradiance, and to average the point clearness indexes in the set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area into an area clearness index; an area variance module configured to determine a variance of the area clearness index in proportion to a physical area within the bounded area covered by each pixel; and a point variance module configured to determine, for each of the points within the bounded area, a variance of the point clearness index for that point as a ratio of the variance of the area clearness index and the physical area relative to the point clearness index for that point, cloud speed over the geographic region, and a time interval relating to a time resolution of observation for the collective irradiance. 2. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: an area averaging module configured to evaluate an area function for each pixel by solving a discrete correlation coefficient matrix comprising correlation coefficients between point clearness indexes selected for pairs of the points in a satellite pixel, and to set the collective irradiance for the pixel as the solution to the discrete correlation coefficient matrix. 3. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: an area averaging module configured to evaluate an area function for each pixel by solving probability density function based on a distance for pairs of the points in a satellite pixel comprising solving an integral of the probability density function for the distance as a multiple of a correlation coefficient function at the distance, and set the collective irradiance for the pixel as the solution to the probability density function. 4. A system according to claim 3, wherein the correlation coefficient function comprises an exponentially decaying function. 5. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a fleet statistics module configured to convert the collective irradiance into a set of point sky clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area relative to clear sky irradiance, and to interpret the set of point sky clearness indexes for each point as area irradiance statistics and assembling the area irradiance statistics for all of the points within the bounded area into fleet irradiance statistics applicable over the geographic region. 6. A system according to claim 5, further comprising: an average point statistics module configured to convert the area irradiance statistics for each of the points within the bounded area into irradiance statistics for an average point within the set of pixels, and to interpret the irradiance statistics for the average point as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all area irradiance statistics for the set of pixels. 7. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a stored time period relating to a time resolution of the measuring of the collective irradiance for each pixel in the set of pixels; a time series module configured to divide the set of pixels into a time series by increments of the time period, and to form a time series set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and a statistics module configured to determine irradiance statistics from the time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each location in the geographic region. 8. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: a fleet statistics module configured to determine fleet irradiance statistics for the photovoltaic fleet through statistical evaluation of the sky clearness index and the variance of the sky clearness index for each point within the bounded area, and to build power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet as a function of the fleet irradiance statistics and a power rating of the photovoltaic fleet. 9. A system according to claim 8, further comprising: a stored time increment relating to a time resolution of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet; a time lag correlation module configured to express a time lag correlation coefficient as a relationship between the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet starting at a beginning of a time period and the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet starting at the beginning of the time period plus the time increment, and to apply the time lag correlation coefficient to the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet over successive time increments to form a time series of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet. 10. A system according to claim 9, further comprising: a stored power output for the photovoltaic fleet as part of the power statistics; and a time lag correlation module further configured to express the time lag correlation coefficient in terms of the power rating of the photovoltaic fleet and the fleet irradiance statistics. 11. A computer-implemented method for correlating satellite imagery for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising the steps of: correlating a set of pixels in satellite imagery data of overhead sky clearness to a bounded area within a geographic region, each pixel representing collective irradiance over a plurality of points within the bounded area, each point suitable for operation of a photovoltaic system comprised in a photovoltaic fleet; converting the collective irradiance into a set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area relative to clear sky irradiance; averaging the point clearness indexes in the set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area into an area clearness index; determining a variance of the area clearness index in proportion to a physical area within the bounded area covered by each pixel; and for each of the points within the bounded area, determining a variance of the point clearness index for that point as a ratio of the variance of the area clearness index and the physical area relative to the point clearness index for that point, cloud speed over the geographic region, and a time interval relating to a time resolution of observation for the collective irradiance, wherein the steps are performed on a suitably-programmed computer. 12. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: evaluating an area function for each pixel by solving a discrete correlation coefficient matrix comprising correlation coefficients between point clearness indexes selected for pairs of the points in a satellite pixel; and setting the collective irradiance for the pixel as the solution to the discrete correlation coefficient matrix. 13. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: evaluating an area function for each pixel by solving probability density function based on a distance for pairs of the points in a satellite pixel comprising solving an integral of the probability density function for the distance as a multiple of a correlation coefficient function at the distance; and setting the collective irradiance for the pixel as the solution to the probability density function. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein the correlation coefficient function comprises an exponentially decaying function. 15. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: converting the collective irradiance into a set of point sky clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area relative to clear sky irradiance; and interpreting the set of point sky clearness indexes for each point as area irradiance statistics and assembling the area irradiance statistics for all of the points within the bounded area into fleet irradiance statistics applicable over the geographic region. 16. A method according to claim 15, further comprising the steps of: converting the area irradiance statistics for each of the points within the bounded area into irradiance statistics for an average point within the set of pixels; and interpreting the irradiance statistics for the average point as average point statistics, each comprising an average of all area irradiance statistics for the set of pixels. 17. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: selecting a time period relating to a time resolution of the measuring of the collective irradiance for each pixel in the set of pixels; dividing the set of pixels into a time series by increments of the time period; forming a time series set of the output sky clearness indexes over each time period increment in the time series; and determining irradiance statistics from the time series set of the output sky clearness indexes at each location in the geographic region. 18. A method according to claim 11, further comprising the steps of: determining fleet irradiance statistics for the photovoltaic fleet through statistical evaluation of the sky clearness index and the variance of the sky clearness index for each point within the bounded area; and building power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet as a function of the fleet irradiance statistics and a power rating of the photovoltaic fleet. 19. A method according to claim 18, further comprising the steps of: selecting a time increment relating to a time resolution of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet; expressing a time lag correlation coefficient as a relationship between the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet starting at a beginning of a time period and the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet starting at the beginning of the time period plus the time increment; and applying the time lag correlation coefficient to the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet over successive time increments to form a time series of the power statistics for the photovoltaic fleet. 20. A method according to claim 19, further comprising the steps of: determining a power output for the photovoltaic fleet as part of the power statistics; and expressing the time lag correlation coefficient in terms of the power rating of the photovoltaic fleet and the fleet irradiance statistics. 21. A non-transitory computer readable storage medium storing code for executing on a computer system to perform the method according to claim 11. 22. A computer-implemented apparatus for correlating satellite imagery for use in photovoltaic fleet output estimation, comprising: means for correlating a set of pixels in satellite imagery data of overhead sky clearness to a bounded area within a geographic region, each pixel representing collective irradiance over a plurality of points within the bounded area, each point suitable for operation of a photovoltaic system comprised in a photovoltaic fleet; means for converting the collective irradiance into a set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area relative to clear sky irradiance; means for averaging the point clearness indexes in the set of point clearness indexes for each of the points within the bounded area into an area clearness index; means for determining a variance of the area clearness index in proportion to a physical area within the bounded area covered by each pixel; and means for determining for each of the points within the bounded area a variance of the point clearness index for that point as a ratio of the variance of the area clearness index and the physical area relative to the point clearness index for that point, cloud speed over the geographic region, and a time interval relating to a time resolution of observation for the collective irradiance. 