Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module-mounting structure comprising: a plate-shaped member having a solar cell module fixed on one surface thereof, said plate-shaped member being placed on an installation surface; a first support member; and a second support member, wherein a surface of said plate-shaped member opposite to the solar cell module-fixing surface is in contact with said first support member, and wherein a side surface of said plate-shaped member disposed between the solar cell module-fixing surface and the surface opposite thereto has an edge in direct contact with the installation surface and has a part in direct contact with said second support member. 2. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said second support member is a support member in direct contact with a surface of a second plate-shaped member opposite to a solar cell module-fixing surface of said second plate-shaped member to support said second plate-shaped member. 3. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said plate-shaped member is cast from a concrete material. 4. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said plate-shaped member, said first support member, and said second support member have the same shape and are made of the same material. 5. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module is fixed to said plate-shaped member with an adhesive. 6. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 5, wherein said adhesive is an elastic adhesive. 7. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 5, wherein said adhesive is provided at a surrounding part of said solar cell module. 8. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module is composed of amorphous silicon formed on a stainless steel substrate. 9. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said installation surface comprises an insulating member, and wherein said edge of said side surface is in direct contact with said insulating member. 10. A solar cell module array comprising the solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1. 11. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising a solar cell module array according to claim 10 and a power conditioner. 