Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface, comprising: a rail formed with at least two tracks, wherein the rail is formed with a body having a proximal end, a distal end, and a hollow chamber there between, and further wherein the rail is removably mountable on a footing grid, and further wherein the at least two tracks include a channel extending the length of the rail, and further wherein the channel in the at least two tracks is formed with a slot extending the length of the rail, wherein the slot in one of the at least two tracks is formed at substantially a right angle to the slot in any other of the at least two tracks; a plurality of keepers on which to mount the rail; and one or more clamps for connecting the system to the surface, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a leg having a base, a descending member monolithically extending from the base, and an ascending member monolithically extending from the base in a direction substantially opposite the direction of the descending member. 2. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface, comprising: a footing grid, wherein the footing grid includes at least one keeper; at least one dual track rail removably mountable on the footing grid, and further wherein the footing grid comprises means for variably positioning the at least one dual track rail on the at least one keeper; and one or more clamps variably positionable on the dual track rail and footing grid for demountably securing the module to the footing grid, and further wherein the at least one dual track rail includes a body having a proximal end, a distal end, a hollow chamber between the proximal end and distal end, opposing sides, and opposing shoulders. 3. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 2, wherein the body further comprises a first channel formed in one of the opposing sides for slidably engaging the rail to the footing grid. 4. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 3, wherein the first channel is formed with a slot extending along the longitudinal axis of the dual track rail. 5. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 4, wherein the slot includes opposing jaws monolithically protruding from the slot substantially along the longitudinal axis of the first channel. 6. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 5, wherein the body further comprises a second channel formed in one of the opposing shoulders for slidably engaging the rail on the one or more clamps. 7. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 6, wherein the one or more clamps includes means for variably positioning the one or more clamps in the second channel, and for positioning the at least one keeper in the first channel of the at least one dual track rail. 8. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 2, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a plate and monolithic opposing side walls extending substantially in the same direction at substantially right angles from the plate. 9. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 8, wherein the opposing side walls include a lower inner edge and an upper face, and a fin extending from the upper face substantially along the longitudinal axis of the at least one dual track rail. 10. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 2, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with at least one hole through the plate for securing the clamp on the at least one dual track rail. 11. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 2, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a leg having a base, a descending member monolithically extending from the base, and an ascending member monolithically extending from the base in a direction opposite the descending member. 12. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 11, wherein the ascending member further includes a projecting distally longitudinal fin extending in the direction opposite the ascending member. 13. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 12, wherein the base is formed with at least one hole through the base. 14. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface comprising: a rail formed with at least two tracks, wherein the at least two tracks include a slot formed at substantially a right angle to the slot in any other of the at least two tracks, and further wherein the rail is formed with a body having a proximal end, a distal end, and a hollow chamber there between; and one or more clamps for connecting the system to the surface, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a leg having a base, a descending member monolithically extending from the base, and an ascending member monolithically extending from the base in a direction substantially opposite the direction of the descending member. 15. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface, comprising: a footing grid, wherein the footing grid includes at least one keeper; at least one dual track rail removably mountable on the footing grid, wherein the at least one dual track rail includes a body having a proximal end, a distal end, a hollow chamber between the proximal end and distal end, opposing sides, and opposing shoulders; and further wherein the body further comprises a first channel formed in one of the opposing sides for slidably engaging the rail to the footing grid; and one or more clamps variably positionable on the dual track rail and footing grid for demountably securing the module to the footing grid, wherein the one or more clamps includes means for variably positioning the one or more clamps in the first channel, and for positioning the at least one keeper in the first channel of the at least one dual track rail. 16. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 15, wherein the first channel is formed with a slot extending along the longitudinal axis of the dual track rail. 17. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 16, wherein the slot includes opposing jaws monolithically protruding from the slot substantially along the longitudinal axis of the first channel. 18. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 15, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a plate and monolithic opposing side walls extending substantially in the same direction at substantially right angles from the plate. 19. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 18, wherein the opposing side walls include a lower inner edge and an upper face, and a fin extending from the upper face substantially along the longitudinal axis of the at least one dual track rail. 20. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 18, wherein the variably positioning means includes at least one hole through the plate for securing the clamp on the at least one dual track rail. 21. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 15, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a leg having a base, a descending member monolithically extending from the base, and an ascending member monolithically extending from the base in a direction opposite the descending member. 22. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 21, wherein the ascending member further includes a projecting distally longitudinal fin extending from in the direction opposite the ascending member. 23. An apparatus for positioning a photovoltaic module or other flat panel on a surface as recited in claim 22, wherein the base is formed with at least one hole through the base. 