Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular solar collector for mounting on the exterior face of a building comprising: an array of at least two types of solar collection devices, wherein the array is mounted in a frame providing for air flow between the solar collection devices, and a first type of solar collection device is in airflow communication with a second type of solar collection device; wherein the first type of solar collection devices comprises an air transpirant collector, and the second type of solar collection device comprises a panel provided with at least one duct leading to the interior of the building and an intake device for inducing air intake from the exterior of the building to the interior of the building. 2. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the intake device is a fan. 3. The modular solar collector of claim 2, wherein the fan is powered by a photovoltaic cell provided on the second type of solar collection device. 4. The modular solar collector of claim 3, wherein the ratio of the surface area of the photovoltaic cell provided on the second type of solar collection device to the total surface area of the second type of solar collection device is at least 3.5:100. 5. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the at least one type of solar collection device comprises a combination solar collector panel, said combination solar collector panel comprising: a panel surface comprising a transpirant collector; at least one duct leading to the interior of the building; an intake device for inducing air intake from the exterior of the building to the interior of the building; a photovoltaic cell for powering the intake device, wherein the ratio of the surface area of the photovoltaic cell to the surface area comprising a transpirant collector is at least 3.5:96.5. 6. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises frame components, each said component comprising: a transverse wall; a first pair of shelves for mounting panels extending from a first surface of the transverse wall; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from a second surface of the transverse wall; such that a channel for air flow is defined by fitting the pair of complementary shelves against a pair of complementary shelves provided by a second frame component, and a solar collection device is mountable against one of the shelves or complementary shelves; wherein the frame comprises a plurality of frame components fitted together to define channels for air flow between the solar collection devices. 7. The modular solar collector of claim 6, wherein at least one opening is defined in the frame components to permit air flow between adjacent solar collection devices. 8. The modular solar collector of claim 6, wherein each of the at least two types of solar collection devices is provided with a plurality of edges, and the frame comprises at least one pair of frame components fitted together to define the channel for air flow and wherein at least one edge of each of the at least two types of solar collection devices is mounted against one of the shelves or complementary shelves of the at least one pair of frame components. 9. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises at least one pair of frame components, and wherein air flow between the solar collection devices is provided by a channel for air flow defined by each pair of frame components when fitted together. 10. The modular solar collector of claim 9, wherein each of the frame components comprises: a transverse wall; a first pair of shelves for mounting panels extending from a first surface of the transverse wall; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from a second surface of the transverse wall; such that the channel for air flow is defined by fitting the pair of complementary shelves of a first of the pair of frame components against a pair of complementary shelves of a second of the pair of frame components, and a solar collection device is mountable against one of the shelves or complementary shelves. 11. The modular solar collector of claim 10, wherein fitting the pair of complementary shelves of the first of the pair of frame components against the pair of complementary shelves of the second of the pair of frame components comprises aligning one of the pair of frame components such that it is substantially rotated 180.degree. from the alignment of the other of the pair of frame components. 