Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting system comprising at least one mounting assembly, each mounting assembly capable of mounting at least one solar panel, the each mounting assembly comprising: a support base; a rotating base mounted on the support base, the rotating base configured to rotate about a vertical axis of the rotating base; a first motor assembly disposed on the support base, the first motor assembly capable of providing a rotational motion to the rotating base; a solar panel base having an upper surface and a lower surface, the solar panel base pivotally coupled to the rotating base through a set of links at the lower surface, the upper surface is capable of mounting at least one solar panel; and a second motor assembly disposed on the rotating base, the second motor assembly configured to enable the solar panel base to tilt at a plurality of angles to a horizontal surface of the rotating base through at least one link of the set of links; wherein the set of links are capable of transferring the rotational motion of the rotating base to the solar panel base, and wherein the at least one link of the set of links is capable of tilting the solar panel base at the plurality of angles. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein each of the at least one mounting assembly is arranged in a pre-determined fashion, wherein the pre-determined fashion is selected from the group consisting of a linear arrangement and a staggered arrangement. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein the each mounting assembly further comprises a sensor adapted to generate a signal corresponding to speed of the wind and absence of the sun rays, wherein the signal is used to move the solar panel base in a pre-determined position. 4. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first motor assembly comprises: a first motor disposed on the support base; and a first worm gear assembly operably coupled to the first motor, the first worm gear comprising a first worm gear connected to the first motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the first motor, wherein the first worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a first worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the first worm gear, and a first worm shaft attached to the first worm wheel and adapted to couple the first worm wheel to a lower surface of the rotating base. 5. The mounting system of claim 4, wherein the supporting base comprises: a lower supporting wall disposed on the roof structure or the like; a set of vertically oriented walls placed on the lower supporting wall; and an upper supporting wall disposed on the set of vertically oriented walls comprising a roller bearing, wherein the roller bearing is rotably fixed in a circular groove in the upper supporting wall, and wherein the upper supporting wall provides a passage to connect the second worm shaft and the rotating base through a hole therein. 6. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the second motor assembly comprises: a second motor disposed on the rotating base; and a second worm gear assembly operably coupled to the second motor, the second worm gear assembly comprising a second worm gear connected to the second motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the second motor, wherein the second worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a second worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the second worm gear, and a second worm shaft attached between the second worm wheel and the at least one link of set of links. 7. The mounting system of claim 6, wherein the rotating base further comprises: a first set of connectors disposed on upper surface of the rotating base and is adapted to pivotably connect the set of links to the rotating base, wherein at least one connector of the first set of connectors connects the second worm shaft to the at least one link. 8. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel base further comprises: a second set of connectors disposed on the lower surface of the solar panel base adapted to pivotably connect the set of links to the solar panel base. 9. A mounting system comprising at least one mounting assembly, each mounting assembly capable of mounting at least one solar panel, the each mounting assembly comprising: a support base; a rotating base mounted on the support base, the rotating base configured to rotate about a vertical axis of the rotating base; a first motor assembly disposed on the support base, the first motor assembly capable of providing a rotational motion to the rotating base; a solar panel base having an upper surface and a lower surface, the solar panel base pivotally coupled to the rotating base through a set of links at the lower surface, the upper surface is capable of mounting at least one solar panel; a second motor assembly disposed on the rotating base, the second motor assembly configured to enable the solar panel base to tilt at a plurality of angles to a horizontal surface of the rotating base through a movement of at least one link of the set of links; and a slider mechanism disposed between the rotating base and a peripheral edge of the solar panel base, the sliding mechanism capable of guiding the peripheral edge of the solar panel base for sliding along a horizontal surface of the rotating base based on the movement of the at least one link; wherein the set of links are capable of transferring the rotational motion of the rotating base to the solar panel base, and wherein the at least one link of the set of links is capable of tilting the solar panel base at the plurality of angles. 10. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein each of the at least one mounting assembly is arranged in a pre-determined fashion, wherein the pre-determined fashion is selected from the group consisting of a linear arrangement and a staggered arrangement. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 9, wherein the each mounting assembly further comprises a sensor adapted to generate a signal corresponding to speed of the wind and absence of the sun rays, wherein the signal is used to move the solar panel base in a pre-determined position. 12. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein the first motor assembly comprises: a first motor disposed on the support base; and a first worm gear assembly operably coupled to the first motor, the first worm gear assembly comprising a first worm gear connected to the first motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the first motor, wherein the first worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a first worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the first worm gear, and a first worm shaft attached to the first worm wheel and adapted to couple the first worm wheel to a lower surface of the rotating base. 13. The mounting system of claim 12, wherein the supporting base comprises: a lower supporting wall disposed on the roof structure or the like; a set of vertically oriented walls placed on the lower supporting wall; an upper supporting wall in parallel with the lower supporting wall disposed on the set of vertically oriented walls comprising a circular groove, a hole and a roller bearing; wherein the roller bearing is rotably fixed in the circular groove in the upper supporting wall, and wherein the circular hole provides a passage to connect the second worm shaft and the rotating base. 14. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein the second motor assembly comprises: a second motor disposed on the rotating base; and a second worm gear assembly operably coupled to the second motor, the second worm gear assembly comprising a second worm gear connected to the second motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the second motor, wherein the second worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a second worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the second worm gear, and a second worm shaft attached between the second worm wheel and the at least one link of set of links. 15. The mounting system of claim 14, wherein the rotating base further comprises: a first set of connectors disposed on upper surface of the rotating base and is adapted to pivotably connect the set of links to the rotating base, wherein at least one connector of the first set of connectors connects the second worm shaft to the at least one link. 16. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein the solar panel base further comprises: a second set of connectors disposed on the lower surface of the solar panel base adapted to pivotably connect the set of links to the solar panel base. 17. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein the slider mechanism comprises: a slider comprising a pair of wheels, a first connecting rod adapted to pivotably connect centers of the pair of wheels, and a second connected rod connecting a middle portion of the first connecting rod and the peripheral edge of the solar panel base; and a slider way disposed on the rotating base adapted to guide the peripheral edge to slide thereon. 18. A mounting system comprising at least one mounting assembly, each mounting assembly capable of mounting at least one solar panel, the each mounting assembly comprising: a support base; a rotating base mounted on the support base, the rotating base configured to rotate about a vertical axis of the rotating base; a first motor assembly disposed on the support base, the first motor assembly capable of providing a rotational motion to the rotating base; a solar panel base having an upper surface and a lower surface and a set of links attached to the lower surface, the set of links of the solar panel base pivotally coupled to the rotating base, wherein the upper surface is capable of mounting at least one solar panel; and a second motor assembly disposed on the rotating base and operably coupled to the link, the second motor assembly configured to enable the solar panel base to tilt at a plurality of angles to a horizontal surface of the rotating base through the link; wherein the set of links are capable of transferring the rotational motion of the rotating base to the solar panel base, and wherein the set of links are further capable of tilting the solar panel base at the plurality of angles. 19. The mounting system of claim 18, wherein each of the at least one mounting assembly is arranged in a pre-determined fashion, wherein the pre-determined fashion is selected from the group consisting of a linear arrangement and a staggered arrangement. 20. The mounting assembly of claim 18, wherein the each mounting assembly further comprises a sensor adapted to generate a signal corresponding to speed of the wind and absence of the sun rays, wherein the signal is used to move the solar panel base in a pre-determined position. 21. The mounting system of claim 18, wherein the first motor assembly comprises: a first motor disposed on the support base; and a first worm gear assembly operably coupled to the first motor, the first worm gear assembly comprising a first worm gear connected to the first motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the first motor, wherein the first worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a first worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the first worm gear, and a first worm shaft attached to the first worm wheel and adapted to couple the first worm wheel to a lower surface of the rotating base. 22. The mounting system of claim 18, wherein the supporting base comprises: a lower supporting wall disposed on the roof structure or the like; a set of vertically oriented walls placed on the lower supporting wall; an upper supporting wall disposed on the set of vertically oriented walls comprising a circular groove, a hole and a roller bearing; wherein the roller bearing is rotably fixed in the circular groove in the upper supporting wall, and wherein the hole provides a passage to connect the second worm shaft and the rotating base. 23. The mounting system of claim 22, wherein the second motor assembly comprises: a second motor disposed on the rotating base; and a second worm gear assembly operably coupled to the second motor comprising a second worm gear connected to the second motor and adapted to rotate corresponding to the rotation of the second motor, wherein the second worm gear has a spirally threaded part, a second worm wheel operably coupled to the spirally threaded part of the second worm gear, and a second worm shaft attached between the second worm wheel and the set of links of the solar panel. 24. The mounting system of claim 18, wherein the rotating base further comprises a set of connectors adapted to pivotably connect the set of links of the solar panel base to the rotating base. 