Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A mount module for an inverter of a photovoltaic installation, the mount module comprising: a housing element having an upper face, a lower face, a right side, a left side, a rear face and a front face; said front face having a recess formed therein for receiving a single inverter of a photovoltaic installation; at least one of said upper and lower faces, right and left sides or rear face and a rear face of another housing element, being complementary to one another; and said rear face, right side, left side, upper face and lower face each having at least one respective connection device. 2. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, which further comprises a cover for closing said recess. 3. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 2, wherein said cover is attached to said housing element for pivoting between an open position and a closed position. 4. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 3, wherein said cover is lockable in said closed position. 5. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein said connection device is a hole for a screw connection. 6. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein the inverter has an upper end and a lower end, and said housing element and said recess are constructed for holding the inverter at an angle in said recess with the upper end of the inverter disposed further inwards in said housing element than the lower end of the inverter. 7. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein said housing element has a cooling air path for cooling an inverter inserted into said recess, said cooling air path having an inlet opening in a lower region of said front face of said housing element and an outlet opening in an upper region of said rear face of said housing element. 8. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein said housing element has integrated cable channels. 9. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein said housing element has a multiplicity of attachment points for fitting further components. 10. The mount module for an inverter according to claim 1, wherein said rear face, right side, left side, upper face and lower face of said housing element each have a respective cutout and projection disposed and constructed to be complementary to one another. 11. An inverter unit of a photovoltaic installation, comprising: a plurality of mount modules including said housing element and said another housing element according to claim 1; said mount modules being disposed one of: above one another, alongside one another or against one another at said rear faces; and said mount modules being connected to one another. 12. The inverter unit according to claim 11, wherein said plurality of mount modules are screwed to one another. 13. The inverter unit according to claim 11, which further comprises a base having an upper face, said plurality of mount modules including at least two lowermost mount modules mounted on said base, said upper face of said base being complementary to said lower faces of said housing elements of said lowermost mount modules. 14. The inverter unit according to claim 11, which further comprises a locking device for entirely locking the inverter unit. 