Claims What is claimed is: 1. Connector apparatus for connecting a plurality of parallel spaced flat coplanar flat conductors (2) of a photovoltaic panel (1) to an electrical component, comprising: (a) a generally rectangular conductor support body (3) formed of electrical insulating material, said support body having a longitudinal axis and including: (1) a generally planar base portion (3a) adapted for connection with the photovoltaic panel; and (2) a bridge portion (3b) orthogonally arranged relative to said base portion, said bridge portion having a plurality of longitudinally spaced conductor support seats (3d) for supporting intermediate portions (2b) of the conductors that are bent to positions normal to the panel, said seats having edges remote from said base portion around which the free end portions (2c) of the conductors are reversely bent; (b) a plurality of bus bar means (5) associated with said conductor seats, respectively, each of said bus bar means including first contact means (24a) arranged for engagement with that portion of a conductor that is bent over the edge of the associated conductor seat, respectively, and at least one output contact means (24b) adapted for connection with the electrical component; and (c) protective housing means (4) at least partially enclosing said conductor support member bridge portion and said bus bar means. 2. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the surfaces of said conductor support seats (3d) are planar and generally normal to the plane of the photovoltaic panel. 3. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein said support seats are coplanar and parallel with the conductor support body longitudinal axis. 4. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein said support seats are parallel with and staggered relative to said conductor support body longitudinal axis. 5. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein said conductor support body base portion includes a pair of integral parallel spaced pedestal portions (3c) that extend orthogonally from conductor support base portion, said bridge portion being connected between said pedestal portions. 6. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein said conductor body contains at least one through opening (8) through which extends the intermediate portion of at least one of the flat conductors. 7. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said bus bar means first contact means comprises resilient clip contact means (24a). 8. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 7, wherein said bus bar means comprises a conductive base plate (18), and a cover plate (19) formed of resilient metal material, said base and cover plates having planar portions (18a, 19a) mounted in contiguous parallel relation, said first contact means comprising a pair of cooperating tongue contacts (18b, 19b) punched out from said base and cover plates, respectively. 9. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 8, wherein said output contact means comprises second resilient clip contact means (24b) including a pair of cooperating tongue contacts (18c, 19c) punched from said bus bar base and cover plates, respectively. 10. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 9, and further including retaining means (25) for fastening together said bus bar base and cover plates. 11. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said protective housing means comprises a hollow housing containing a chamber having top and side walls, at least said support member bridge portion and said bus bar means being contained within said housing chamber. 12. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 11, and further including means (440; 540) for fastening said support body base portion to the photovoltaic panel. 13. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 12, wherein said housing contains a bottom wall; and further wherein said conductor support body extends within a housing chamber via an opening (16) contained in said housing bottom wall. 14. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 13, and further including fastening means (442; 552) for fastening said housing to the photovoltaic cable. 15. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein said housing is sectional and comprises a bottom portion (11) including said bottom and side walls, and a lid portion (12) including said top wall, said lid portion being pivotally connected with said bottom portion for pivotal displacement between open and closed positions relative to said bottom portion. 16. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 15, wherein said conductor support body is mounted in said housing chamber on said bottom wall, said housing bottom wall containing openings for receiving the photovoltaic panel flat conductor intermediate portions. 17. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 15, and further including a plurality of bus bar mounting means (27) arranged in said housing chamber for supporting said bus bar means, respectively. 18. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 17, wherein said bus bar mounting means include centering projections (27a) on said mounting means for positioning said bus bars relative to said housing. 19. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein at least one of said side and end walls contains an opening (14) for receiving one end of a cable, and means electrically connecting said cable end to said bus bar means. 20. Connector apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein said conductor support body includes at least one centering projection (431; 631; 731) for positioning said support body relative to said housing. 