Description REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION This application is a companion application to the Boensch et al application Ser. No. 12/287,298 filed Oct. 8, 2008. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention An electrical connecting arrangement includes a locator device mounted on a photovoltaic panel for relatively positioning a connector housing such that a resilient contact on the connector housing is arranged for electrical connection with a stationary rigid contact on the photovoltaic panel that extends in space relation within a chamber contained in the locator device, connection being made via an access opening contained in the locator device. 2. Description of Related Art The present invention relates to a connection device for conductive contacts at photovoltaic panels. Current-generating photovoltaic systems generally have at least one photovoltaic panel to generate electricity from sunlight. As a rule, flexible, easily bending ribbon conductors are led out from the photovoltaic panels, making it possible to connect the photovoltaic panels--usually via a multiconductor cable--to a household installation, for example, or to electrical apparatus, such as an inverter or the like. In the prior art, the individual flexible ribbon conductors are hooked up by hand using individual terminals or the like. For this reason, the connection process of the apparatus is relatively laborious and it is generally necessary to employ specially trained technicians to hook up the apparatus. In addition, there is the problem that such installations are generally rather complicated and therefore can only be repaired with difficulty in event of a fault. Connection devices are also known in which the ends of the conductors are connected with spring contacts (DE 20 2005 018 884 U1). Similar connection devices are shown in the U.S. patent to Sotolongo U.S. Pat. No. 4,460,232 and the German patent No. DE 203 11 183 U1. Against this background, the problem of the invention is to realize a connection device or connection mechanism for contacts at photovoltaic panels, with which one can realize a contacting of the contacts and a connecting of them to another device or system in an easy and also long-lasting manner. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Accordingly, a primary object of the present invention is to provide locator means for positioning a connector housing relative to a photovoltaic panel, whereby a resilient contact on the connector housing is positioned opposite a stationary rigid contact on the panel, so that when the components are displaced together, the resilient contact is brought into electrical engagement with the stationary contact via an access opening contained in the locator means. According to a more specific object of the invention, the aforementioned stationary contact preferably comprises a generally rectangular knife contact having end edge portions that are supported in slots or grooves contained in the opposed walls of the access opening, thereby to support the stationary contact during connection of the components. A further object of the invention is to provide locator means in the form of a locator member that is fastened to the photovoltaic panel in protective enclosing relation about the stationary contact that extends orthogonally upwardly from the panel, said locator member having an upper surface carrying a locator pin that extends upwardly into a corresponding opening contained in the bottom of the connector housing that carries the resilient contact. The resilient contact extends through the access opening contained in the top surface of the locator member for connection with the stationary knife contact. The invention creates a connection device for the particularly inflexible or substantially inflexible conducting contacts, especially for inflexible knife blade contacts, at a photovoltaic panel, from which at least one of the contacts, especially knife blade contacts, protrudes, and which has a holder that can be mounted, in particular, glued onto the photovoltaic panel to hold at least one contact, especially a knife blade contact, and a connection housing that can be placed on top of the holder. The invention creates a connection device and replaces the conventional flexible contacts with firm, rigid contacts of at least substantially or totally inflexible design. First of all, the invention abandons the idea of using flexible ribbon conductors for the contacting of photovoltaic panels. Instead, it uses inflexible contacts, especially knife blade contacts for the contacting (e.g., with spring contacts, which can then be designed with high spring and contact force), which simplifies the hooking up of the connection device. Thus, the inflexible, firm contacts, especially knife blade contacts, are preferably secured with a circuit board as a subassembly on the photovoltaic panel and then the holder is secured on the photovoltaic panel, so that a preassembled unit is produced, which is especially firm and can more easily make contact as a preassembled unit than the known solutions of the prior art. Preferably, the through opening(s) at least in their marginal region are of slot-like configuration, so that the knife blade contacts are easily held securely in the slot regions. Preferably, the holder member for the knife blade contact has a frame or inverted dish-like construction. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS Other objects and advantages of the invention will become apparent from a study of the following specification, when viewed in the light of the accompanying drawing, in which: FIG. 1 is an exploded view of a first embodiment of the connector arrangement of the present invention; FIG. 2 is a sectional view of the photovoltaic panel; FIG. 3 is a partially exploded perspective view illustrating the manner of connection of the locator pin to the locator member; FIG. 4 is a bottom perspective view of the connector housing; FIG. 5 is a longitudinal sectional view of the connector housing, and FIG. 6 is a longitudinal sectional view of the connector housing when mounted on the photovoltaic panel; FIG. 7 is an exploded view of a second embodiment of the invention; FIGS. 8-11 illustrate the assembly steps for assembling the second embodiment of the invention; and FIG. 12 is a bottom perspective view of the connector housing of FIG. 11. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Referring first more particularly to FIGS. 1 and 2, the connector assembly of the present invention serves to connect a pair of insulated electrical conductors 17 to a pair of stationary rigid integral knife contacts 2 that extend orthogonally upwardly from a conductive strip 3 that is laminated or deposited upon, and is in electrical engagement with, the upper surface 1a of a photovoltaic panel 1. A rectangular mounting member 4 having a generally inverted dish-shaped configuration is adhesively fastened to the conductive strip in protective relation about the stationary contacts 2, whereby the contacts extend in spaced relation within the chamber defined within the mounting member. The mounting member 4 has a horizontal upper surface 4a that contains access openings 5 above the stationary contacts 2, respectively. The stationary knife contacts 2 are generally rectangular and include vertical end surfaces that are supported in corresponding vertical support slots 6 contained in opposed walls of the access openings. As best shown in FIG. 3, extending vertically upwardly from the mounting member 4 is a locator pin 7 having at its lower end a downwardly extending projection 10 with a non-circular cross-sectional profile that extends into a corresponding support opening 11 contained in the top wall 4a of the mounting member 4 between the access openings 5. At its upper end, the locator pin 7 has a non-circular cross-sectional profile and is adapted to extend within a corresponding locator opening 8 (FIG. 4) contained in the bottom of the connector housing 9. The connector housing 9 has an inverted generally dish-shaped configuration containing a chamber 9b in which two resilient contacts 14 are rigidly mounted by means of push-in support members 19 having spring retaining means 18, and support plates 21. Referring to FIG. 5, the bare ends 20 of a pair of insulated conductors 17 extend into the housing chamber 9a for connection with the resilient contacts 14 via protective sleeves 16, and housing inlet openings 9a, respectively. In order to mount the connector housing 9 (FIG. 5) upon the photovoltaic panel 1 (FIG. 2), the connector housing is displaced until the locator opening 8 is engaged by the tip of the locator pin 7, whereupon the connector housing is progressively displaced downwardly to cause connection between the two resilient connectors 14 and the knife contact 2, as shown in FIG. 6. During this electrical connection of the contacts, the ends of the stationary knife contacts are supported by the slots 6 provided in the walls of the access openings 5. In the second embodiment shown in FIG. 7, a single resilient contact 14 is provided for connection with the stationary knife contact 2. In this case, a single access opening 5' is provided in mounting member 4', which opening serves not only to provide access between the resilient contact 14 and the stationary contact 2, but also to mount the location pin 7' upon the mounting member 4'. To this end, the walls of the access opening 5' contain an opposed first pair of support slots 6' for supporting the ends of the rectangular knife contact 2 (FIG. 9), and an opposed pair of second slots 31 for receiving lateral tab portions 7a' on the locator pin 7' (FIG. 10). A single connector 17 (FIG. 11) is introduced into housing opening 9a' for connection with the stationary contact 2 via the resilient contact 14 retained in the housing 9' by the support member 19 and the support plate 21. In this embodiment, the non-circular locator opening 8' in the connector housing for receiving the tip of the locator pin 7' is defined by the space between the arms of the resilient contact 14, as shown in FIG. 12. Furthermore, the bottom extremity of the locating pin 7' may be provided with a stabilizing slit 12 that receives the upper edge of the knife contact 2 to support the same during the engagement thereof by the arms of the resilient contact 14. The present invention provides the advantage that the components may be preassembled before the connector housing is mounted on the delicate components of the photovoltaic cell, thereby to improve and simplify the assembly of the components. The connector housing may be easily provided with ground connecting means, and with circuit components, such as diodes, resistors, and the like. Furthermore, the connector housing may be use for plus and minus pole connections to the photovoltaic panel 1. The connection to a plurality of stationary contacts on the photovoltaic panel is also possible. While in accordance with the provisions of the Patent Statutes the preferred forms and embodiments of the invention have been illustrated and described, it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that changes may be made without deviating from the invention described above. * * * * *