Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel mounting system comprising: a solar panel, at least one rail; a plurality of tracks formed in the rail with opposing jaws defining a slot, at least two of the plurality of tracks formed perpendicularly to one another, and wherein the opposing jaws are disposed in the at least one rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the at least one rail; at least one ledge extending from the rail; at least one coupler, the at least one coupler comprising at least one clamp, and at least one attachment device, and the solar panel received between the at least one ledge and at least one coupler; at least one end plate; and means for connecting the at least one rail to a surface. 2. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the means for connecting comprise at least one of a nut, a bolt, a stanchion, and a cleat. 3. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the means for connecting are slidably insertable into at least one of the plurality of tracks. 4. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the attachment device is at least one of a bolt, a nut, threaded rods, rivets and screws. 5. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 4, wherein the rail further comprises opposing fins, the screws held in place in part by opposing fins. 6. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the rail further comprises at least one detent, the at least one detent configured to receive a portion of the clamp. 7. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the ledge extends from the at least one rail at substantially a right angle. 8. The mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices of claim 1, wherein the attachment device is slidably insertable into at least one of the plurality of tracks. 9. A mounting system for solar panels, photovoltaic devices or solar energy devices comprising: at least one rail formed with a plurality of tracks, at least two of the plurality of tracks formed perpendicularly to one another, a plurality of slots defined within the plurality of tracks by a pair opposing jaws, the opposing jaws disposed in the at least one rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the at least one rail; at least one coupler, the coupler including at least one clamp and at least one first attachment device, the coupler configured to secure the solar panel, photovoltaic device or solar energy device to the rail; at least one ledge extending substantially perpendicularly from the rail; and at least one second attachment device, the second attachment device configured to secure the rail to a surface. 