Claims What is claimed is: 1. A bracket, comprising: first, second and third planar portions oriented along a bracket longitudinal axis; the first planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a first plane, the first planar portion further having a plurality of elongated stiffening members with longitudinal axes oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the bracket longitudinal axis; the second planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a second plane; and the third planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a third plane; wherein the second end of the first planar portion is connected to the first end of the second planar portion, and the second end of the second planar portion is connected to the first end of the third planar portion such that the first and third planes are substantially parallel and the second plane is disposed at an oblique angle with respect to the first and third planes; wherein the first and second planar portions further comprise first and second reinforcing members that span the connection between the first and second planar portions, the first and second reinforcing members having apices disposed above the upper surfaces of the first and second planar portions; and wherein the second and third planar portions further comprise a third reinforcing member that spans the connection between the second and third planar portions, the third reinforcing member further having an apex disposed below the upper surfaces of the second and third planar portions. 2. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the longitudinal axes of the plurality of elongated stiffening members are oriented at about 25.degree. with respect to the bracket longitudinal axis. 3. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the plurality of elongated stiffening members comprise first and second elongated stiffening members disposed on opposite sides of a longitudinal centerline of the first planar portion, and first ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members are located closer to the centerline than second ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members. 4. The bracket of claim 3, wherein a line joining the second ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members intersects with the first and second reinforcing members. 5. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the apices of the first and second reinforcing members comprise first and second apex lines oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the first and second planes. 6. The bracket of claim 5, wherein the first and second apex lines are oriented at an angle of about 30.degree. with respect to the upper surface of the first planar portion. 7. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the first and second reinforcing members each comprise first and second angled sides joined at the apex, the first and second angled sides oriented at about 90.degree. with respect to each other. 8. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the second plane is oriented at an angle of about 120.degree. with respect to the first and third planes. 9. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the wherein the apex of the third reinforcing member defines a line oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the second and third planes. 10. The bracket of claim 9, wherein the line is oriented at an angle of about 30.degree. with respect to lower surfaces of the second and third planar portions. 11. The bracket of claim 10, wherein the apices of the first and second reinforcing members define respective lines that intersect with the upper surface of the second planar portion at first and second intersection points, the first, second and third reinforcing members positioned such that a line connecting the first and second intersection points intersects the third reinforcing member. 12. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the third reinforcing member comprises first and second angled sides joined at the apex, the first and second angled sides oriented at about 90.degree. with respect to each other. 13. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the first, second and third planar portions are integrally formed from a single piece of material. 14. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the second planar portion has a hole in communication with the upper surface of the second planar portion and a lower surface of the second planar portion, one edge of the hole being disposed directly adjacent to the connection between the first and second planar portions. 15. The bracket of claim 14, wherein the hole is disposed between the first and second reinforcing members. 16. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the first and third planar portions further comprise a plurality of fastener holes disposed at predetermined locations for connecting the bracket to adjacent structures. 17. A solar panel support system, comprising: a solar panel support grid; and a bracket comprising: first, second and third planar portions oriented along a bracket longitudinal axis; the first planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a first plane, the first planar portion further having a plurality of elongated stiffening members with longitudinal axes oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the bracket longitudinal axis; the second planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a second plane; and the third planar portion having first and second ends and an upper surface defining a third plane; wherein the second end of the first planar portion is connected to the first end of the second planar portion, and the second end of the second planar portion is connected to the first end of the third planar portion such that the first and third planes are substantially parallel and the second plane is disposed at an oblique angle with respect to the first and third planes; wherein the first and second planar portions further comprise first and second reinforcing members that span the connection between the first and second planar portions, the first and second reinforcing members having apices disposed above the upper surfaces of the first and second planar portions; and wherein the second and third planar portions further comprise a third reinforcing member that spans the connection between the second and third planar portions, the third reinforcing member further having an apex disposed below the upper surfaces of the second and third planar portions; and wherein the third planar portion of the bracket is engaged with the solar panel support grid via fasteners disposed in the fastener holes of the third planar portion, and the first planar portion of the bracket is engaged with the roof structure via fasteners disposed in the fastener holes of the first planar portion. 18. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the longitudinal axes of the plurality of elongated stiffening members are oriented at about 25.degree. with respect to the bracket longitudinal axis. 19. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the plurality of elongated stiffening members comprise first and second elongated stiffening members disposed on opposite sides of a longitudinal centerline of the first planar portion, and first ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members are located closer to the centerline than second ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members. 20. The solar panel support system of claim 19, wherein a line joining the second ends of the first and second elongated stiffening members intersects with the first and second reinforcing members. 21. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the apices of the first and second reinforcing members comprise first and second apex lines oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the first and second planes. 22. The solar panel support system of claim 21, wherein the first and second apex lines are oriented at an angle of about 30.degree. with respect to the upper surface of the first planar portion. 23. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the first and second reinforcing members each comprise first and second angled sides joined at the apex, the first and second angled sides oriented at about 90.degree. with respect to each other. 24. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the second plane is oriented at an angle of about 120.degree. with respect to the first and third planes. 25. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the wherein the apex of the third reinforcing member defines a line oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the second and third planes. 26. The solar panel support system of claim 25, wherein the line is oriented at an angle of about 30.degree. with respect to lower surfaces of the second and third planar portions. 27. The solar panel support system of claim 26, wherein the apices of the first and second reinforcing members define respective lines that intersect with the upper surface of the second planar portion at first and second intersection points, the first, second and third reinforcing members positioned such that a line connecting the first and second intersection points intersects the third reinforcing member. 28. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the third reinforcing member comprises first and second angled sides joined at the apex, the first and second angled sides oriented at about 90.degree. with respect to each other. 29. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the first, second and third planar portions are integrally formed from a single piece of material. 30. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the second planar portion has a hole in communication with the upper surface of the second planar portion and a lower surface of the second planar portion, one edge of the hole being disposed directly adjacent to the connection between the first and second planar portions. 31. The solar panel support system of claim 30, wherein the hole is disposed between the first and second reinforcing members. 32. The solar panel support system of claim 17, wherein the first and third planar portions further comprise a plurality of fastener holes disposed at predetermined locations for connecting the bracket to adjacent structures. 