Claims I claim: 1. A device (1) for feeding electrical energy from an energy source with variable source voltage into an electric power supply network (15), said device (1) including a transformer (112) for galvanic isolation, a resonant inverter (11) with semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B), one or several resonant capacitors (17; 18, 19; 20, 21) and one rectifier (113), characterized in that the device (1) does not comprise a boost chopper or a buck chopper, and that the resonant inverter (11) is operated in a full resonant mode if an operating voltage is in a maximum power operation point (MPP) that exists in normal operation, whereby in the maximum power point (MPP) the current from the transformer (112) is a current made from sinusoidal half-waves, and the resonant inverter (11) is operated in a hard-switching mode if the voltages exceed the maximum operation point (MPP), so that the current from the transformer (112) comprises sine-wave portions, whereby the hard-switching mode only occurs in a start-up phase. 2. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, in the operation point (MPP), the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B) of the resonant inverter (111) are operated with a duty cycle that is more than half a period of a resonance frequency of an oscillating circuit comprising one resonant capacitor or several resonant capacitors and of a transformer leakage inductance, at pulse widths ranging between 30 and 50% of a period of a pulse frequency, so that a voltage at an intermediate circuit capacitor (12) will not fall below a minimum value needed for feeding the network (15), even if a voltage at the maximum power point (MPP) of the energy source adopts a minimum voltage value imposed by the device, and that, if the voltages of the energy source are higher than the maximum power point voltage, said semi-conductor switches are operated at pulse widths of between zero and 50% so that the voltage at the intermediate circuit capacitor (12) will not exceed a maximum value given by an electric strength of the semi-conductor switches (a-d, A, B) of a regen-capable inverter (13), even if the voltage of the energy source is higher than the (MPP) voltage. 3. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that semi-conductor switches of the same electric strength as semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B) are used in the resonant inverter (11) and in the regen-capable inverter (13). 4. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation such that, in the hard-switching operation above the operation point (MPP), a transformer current of the transformer (112) consists of sine-wave portions. 5. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the transformer (112) is a high-frequency transformer (112) and is operated at a frequency that is higher than a frequency of the energy supply network (15). 6. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a high-frequency inverter (111), which is part of the resonant inverter (11) and comprises the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B), which are performed as MOS transistors, IGBT's, or GTO's, is mounted upstream of the transformer (112). 7. The device as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the regen-capable inverter (13) is a one-phase or a three-phase inverter. 8. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) comprises a full bridge. 9. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) comprises a half-bridge. 10. The device as set forth in claim 9, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) is performed as a centre tap connection circuit. 11. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the rectifier (113) is devised as a half-bridge. 12. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the one or several resonant capacitors (17; 16, 19; 20, 21) are connected in series or in parallel with a resonant circuit with respect to a primary winding of the transformer (112). 13. A device for feeding electrical energy as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a resonant capacitor (20, 21) is connected in series or in parallel with a secondary winding of the transformer (112). 14. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the the one or several resonant capacitors (18, 19) of a half-bridge located on the primary side of the transformer (112) are utilized as resonant capacitors. 15. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the one or several resonant capacitors (20, 21) of a secondary side half-bridge are utilized as resonant capacitors. 16. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a high-frequency inverter (111), the transformer (112) and the rectifier (113) form a resonant converter that is a DC/DC converter, a natural frequency formed by the one or more resonant capacitors (17; 18, 19; 20, 21) of a leakage inductance of the transformer (112) being higher than a switching frequency of the resonant inverter (11) in order to minimize switching losses in the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B) of the resonant inverter (11) as compared to a hard-switching mode of operation. 17. A device for feeding electrical energy as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a leakage inductance of the transformer (112) is complemented by one or several additional inductances in order to achieve a desired resonance frequency. 18. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, on a primary side, several resonant inverters (11) are mounted in parallel at the energy source and, on a secondary side, are connected to a common intermediate circuit capacitor (12) discrete resonant inverters (11) being clocked at different times. 19. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) is connected to a regen-capable inverter (13). 20. A system with a device as set forth in claim 1 and with the energy source, characterized in that the energy source is solar generator (10), a fuel cell, a battery, a wind power plant with a permanent-magnet generator, a combustion engine with a permanent-magnet generator or a water power plant with a permanent-magnet generator (PM-generator). 21. Use of a device as set forth in claim 1, in a public energy supply network supplying a plurality of consumers or an island network with one or several consumers. 22. A method of operating a device as set forth in claim 1, the energy source of which is a photovoltaic solar generator with at least one maximum power point (MPP) of a solar generator characteristic line, the resonant inverter (11) being operated in the full resonant mode in the MPP and in the hard-switching mode when the voltage exceeds the MPP. 23. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that high-performance semi-conductors capable of being switched off are mounted in parallel with the diodes D5 through D8 of the resonant rectifier (113) so that a circuit may be operated in both directions if the energy source is an energy accumulating device. 