Claims What is claimed is: 1. A rigid roofing membrane, comprising: a first member having a first main body extending along a length of the membrane and a plurality of extending portions coupled to and extending therefrom along a width of the membrane perpendicular to the length of the membrane; a second member having a second main body extending along the length of the membrane; a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements, some of the plurality periodically dispersed on a top surface of the first and second main bodies and others of the plurality dispersed on the plurality of extending portions of the first member, wherein elements on the extending portions are immediately adjacent along the width of the membrane to corresponding elements dispersed on the main body of the first member thereby providing void areas on the main body of the first member where extending portions do not extend along a width of the membrane; wherein the extending portions of the first member are mounted on a corresponding plurality of void areas of the top surface of the second main body between the photovoltaic solar elements on the second main body such that the main body of the first member is adjacent to the main body of the second member along the length of the membrane without overlapping, and wherein the roofing membrane has an overall rigid disposition; at least one underside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to and extending from an underside of one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the plurality of extending portions; and at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from the void areas of the second main body free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the second main body, wherein each of the at least one underside interconnects is directly under and electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects when the extending portions of the first member are mounted on the corresponding plurality of void areas of the top surface of the second main body between the photovoltaic solar elements on the second main body. 2. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the first and second members are rigid first and second members, the first and second rigid members providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 3. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprises a plurality of rigid photovoltaic solar elements. 4. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising an underlayment layer coupled to an underside of the first and second members across the roofing membrane. 5. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 4, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a self-adhesive underlayment having a bottom surface capable of adhering to a roofing structure. 6. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 5, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a bituminous material. 7. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 4, wherein the underlayment layer is a rigid underlayment layer. 8. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a translucent laminate layer formed over the top surface of the first and second members, the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements dispersed under the laminate layer. 9. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 8, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions are electrically interconnected using conductive traces formed under the laminate layer. 10. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 8, wherein the laminate layer is a rigid laminate layer. 11. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic solar elements comprise photoelectric silicon spheres formed on an electrically conductive base. 12. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising selvage edges located along perimeter edges of the first and second members. 13. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein an outer surface of the photovoltaic solar elements comprise at least one color corresponding to a color of ordinary shingles to be located proximate the roofing membrane. 14. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising an electrical connection from a first photovoltaic solar element located proximate a first end of the roofing membrane, and from a second photovoltaic solar element located proximate a second end of the roofing membrane distal the first end, to an electrical system of a building having the roofing membrane. 15. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of extending portions comprises a dragons tooth pattern coupled to and extending from the first main body. 16. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of first members, each comprising at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the first main bodies free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the first main bodies, each of the extending portions of at least one of the first members coupled to and overlapping the void areas of the first main bodies of another of the plurality of first members, wherein each of the at least one underside interconnects on the extending portions of one first member is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects on the another first member. 17. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising first and second rigid mounting substrates substantially coextensive with and mounted to the first and second members, respectively, the first and second rigid mounting substrates providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 18. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a single rigid mounting substrate substantially coextensive with the overall roofing membrane, the single rigid substrate providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 19. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 18, wherein the first and second members comprise a material having adhesive properties, the material adhering the first and second members to the single rigid mounting substrate. 20. A method of manufacturing a rigid roofing membrane, the method comprising: forming a first member having a first main body extending along a length of the membrane and a plurality of extending portions coupled to and extending therefrom along a width of the membrane perpendicular to the length of the membrane; forming a second member having a second main body extending along the length of the membrane; dispersing periodically some of a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements on a top surface of the first and second main bodies and others of the plurality on the plurality of extending portions of the first member, wherein elements on the extending portions are immediately adjacent along the width of the membrane to corresponding elements dispersed on the main body of the first member thereby providing void areas on the main body of the first member where extending portions do not extend along a width of the membrane; overlapping each of the extending portions of the first member over a corresponding plurality of void areas on the second main body between the photovoltaic solar elements on the second main body such that the main body of the first member is adjacent to the main body of the second member along the length of the membrane without overlapping, and wherein the roofing membrane has an overall rigid disposition; electrically coupling at least one underside electrical interconnect to and extending from an underside of one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the plurality of extending portions; and electrically coupling at least one topside electrical interconnect to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the second main body, the at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the second main body free of photovoltaic solar elements, wherein the overlapping further comprising overlapping such that each of the at least one underside interconnects is directly under and electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects. 21. A method according to claim 20, wherein forming first and second members comprises forming first and second rigid members. 22. A method according to claim 20, wherein forming the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprises forming a plurality of rigid photovoltaic solar elements. 23. A method according to claim 20, further comprising coupling an underlayment layer to an underside of the first and second members across the roofing membrane. 24. A method according to claim 23, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a self-adhesive underlayment having a bottom surface capable adhering to a roofing structure. 25. A method according to claim 24, further comprising coupling an underlayment layer comprising a bituminous material. 26. A method according to claim 20, wherein coupling an underlayment layer further comprises coupling a rigid underlayment layer. 27. A method according to claim 20, further comprising forming a translucent laminate layer over the top surface of the first and second members, the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements dispersed under the laminate layer. 28. A method according to claim 27, further comprising electrically interconnecting the plurality of photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions using conductive traces formed under the laminate layer. 29. A method according to claim 27, wherein forming a laminate layer comprises forming a rigid laminate layer. 30. A method according to claim 20, wherein the dispersing comprises dispersing a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprising photoelectric silicon spheres formed on an electrically conductive base. 31. A method according to claim 20, further comprising forming selvage edges along perimeter edges of the first and second members. 32. A method according to claim 20, wherein the dispersing comprises dispersing a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements each having an outer surface comprising at least one color corresponding to a color of ordinary shingles to be located proximate the roofing membrane. 33. A method according to claim 20, further comprising providing an electrical connection from a first photovoltaic solar element located proximate a first end of the roofing membrane, and from a second photovoltaic solar element located proximate a second end of the roofing membrane distal the first end, to an electrical system of a building having the roofing membrane. 34. A method according to claim 20, wherein the plurality of extending portions comprises a dragons tooth pattern coupled to and extending from the first main body. 35. A method according to claim 19, further comprising forming a plurality of first members, each comprising at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the first main bodies free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the first main bodies, each of the extending portions of at least one of the first members coupled to and overlapping the void areas of the first main bodies of another of the plurality of first members, wherein each of the at least one underside interconnects on the extending portions of one first member is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects on the another first member. 36. A method according to claim 20, further comprising mounting first and second rigid mounting substrates to the first and second members, respectively, the first and second rigid mounting substrates providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 37. A method according to claim 20, further comprising mounting a single rigid mounting substrate to the roofing membrane, the single rigid mounting substrate substantially coextensive with the overall roofing membrane and providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 38. A method according to claim 37, wherein the first and second members comprise a material having adhesive properties, the method further comprising adhering the first and second members to the single rigid mounting substrate with the material. 