Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power management prediction system for use with a power source that produces power events, the system comprising: a monitor connectable to the power source for monitoring the power source and producing a power history table of power events previously produced by the power source; computation circuitry; a power requirements table containing power requirements information for said computational circuitry; and a controller connected to said computation circuitry, said power history table and said power requirements table, said controller calculating a predicted power cycle based on said power events in said power history table and enabling power to said computation circuitry based on said predicted power cycle and said power requirements information. 2. A system of claim 1, wherein said computation circuitry includes a plurality of sub-units. 3. A system of claim 2, wherein said computation circuitry further includes a plurality of corresponding switches associated with each of said plurality of sub-units, said switches controlling power to each of said plurality of sub-units. 4. A system of claim 2, wherein said plurality of sub-units are in a series arrangement. 5. A system of claim 2, wherein said plurality of sub-units are in a parallel arrangement. 6. A system of claim 2, wherein said controller simultaneously enables power to at least two of said plurality of sub-units. 7. A system of claim 1, further comprising a clock generator in communication with said controller and said computation circuitry. 8. A system of claim 1, wherein said controller includes a prediction algorithm that is used in calculating said predicted power cycle. 9. A system of claim 1, wherein the power source includes an intermittent power source. 10. A system of claim 9, wherein said intermittent power source includes a RF-based source. 11. A system of claim 9, wherein said intermittent power source includes a vibration-based source. 12. A system of claim 9, wherein said intermittent power source includes a solar-based source. 13. A system of claim 9, wherein said intermittent power source includes a fluid dynamics-based source. 14. A system of claim 1, further comprising a storage device for storing said power history table and said power requirements table. 15. A system of claim 1, wherein said monitor determines one or any of the following for an output of said power source: a peak value, a peak-to-end value, a start-to-peak value, and a number of peaks. 16. A power system with power management prediction capabilities, the power system comprising: an intermittent power source; a power monitor connected to said intermittent power source for monitoring said intermittent power source and producing a power history table of power events previously produced by said intermittent power source; computation circuitry having a plurality of sub-units, said computation circuitry is powered by said intermittent power source; a power requirements table containing power requirements information for said plurality of sub-units in said computational circuitry; and a controller connected to said power history table and said power requirements table, said controller calculating a predicted power cycle based on said power events in said power history table and enabling power to said plurality of sub-units in said computation circuitry based on said predicted power cycle and said power requirements information. 17. A system of claim 16, wherein said plurality of sub-units are arranged either in series or parallel. 18. A method of managing power prediction for computational operations, the method comprising: storing a set of power requirements for one or more computational operations; monitoring a power source and creating a power history table of power events previously produced by the power source; predicting a subsequent power event based on power events in the power history table; retrieving the set of power requirements for one or more computational operations; and comparing the set of power requirements with power events in the power history table to determine if the set of power requirements are met for one or more computational operations. 19. A method of claim 18, the method further comprising: dispatching one or more computational operations based on the predicted power event when the set of power requirements are met. 20. A method of claim 18, method further comprising: performing an error recovery operation to ensure process integrity when the set of power requirements are not met. 