Description FIELD OF THE INVENTION The invention relates thermal protection of an inverter, specifically to redundant thermal protection of a grid-connected inverter. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The solar energy industry is expanding at a rapid pace. Much of that expansion is due to increases in residential and small commercial photovoltaic (PV) installations. Increasingly these installations are directly connected to the utility grid without the use of batteries. Inverters are the power electronics equipment that converts DC electricity produced by PV panels (collectively a PV array) into AC required by the grid. Thermal requirements are a major element in the design of inverters. An inverter's output power rating is often determined by insulation ratings and other thermal limitations. Thus, inverters are often designed to closely approach these limitations in order to get the most out of a given piece of hardware. Furthermore, inverters are often located on residential structures and therefore must not pose any significant fire risk. It would be advantageous to provide an inverter with redundant thermal protection systems limiting the risk of damage to the inverter and the risk of fire. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention provides an inverter with three separate modes of thermal protection. A first mode of thermal protection is an active one in which temperature is monitored by a digital signal processor (DSP) or computer chip on a control circuit board located at the top of an inverter enclosure. If the temperature on the control circuit board exceeds a maximum circuit board temperature set-point, the inverter will stop operation for twenty minutes then recommence operation if the temperature on the circuit board has fallen below the maximum circuit board temperature set-point. A second mode of thermal protection is an active one similar to the first mode in which temperature on a heat sink is monitored by a digital signal processor (DSP) or computer chip. If the temperature on the heat sink exceeds a maximum heat sink temperature set-point the inverter will stop operation for twenty minutes and then recommence operation if the temperature at the heat sink has fallen below the second set-point. A third mode of thermal protection is a passive one in which a bi-metal thermal switch is connected such that when the switch is triggered contactors connecting the inverter to the grid will open, effectively shutting down the inverter. Only after the thermal switch has cooled significantly will it reset, reconnecting the inverter to the grid. Additional features and advantages according to the invention in its various embodiments will be apparent from the remainder of this disclosure. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS Features and advantages according to embodiments of the invention will be apparent from the following Detailed Description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings, in which: FIG. 1 shows the location of the three temperature sensors in an inverter according to embodiments of the present invention. FIG. 2 shows a block diagram of operation of thermal protection modes according to embodiments of the present invention. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS A method of redundant inverter thermal protection is disclosed herein. Embodiments of that method are further disclosed using a specific circuit and inverter. The description of specific embodiments herein is for demonstration purposes and in no way limits the scope of this disclosure to exclude other not specifically described embodiments of the method of the present invention. FIG. 1 shows the physical layout of an inverter 1 according to embodiments of the present invention. Shown elements of the inverter 1 include an enclosure 3, a heat sink 5, a control circuit board 7, a transformer 9, an inductor 11, and a power circuit board 13. An inverter 1 of the present invention has temperature sensors at multiple locations within the inverter 1. Temperature sensors may include integrated circuit temperature sensors, thermistors, thermocouples, bi-metal thermal switches, or any other thermal transducer or actuator. The use of more than one type of thermal transducer or actuator will add to the redundancy of thermal protection, especially if there are both active and passive modes of thermal protection. The specifically described embodiment shown in FIG. 1 has an integrated circuit temperature sensor 15 on the control circuit board 7, a thermister 17 on the heat sink 5, and a bimetal switch 19 on the power circuit board 13. The control circuit board 7 is located at the top of the inverter enclosure 3, a temperature transducer at this location is well suited to measure maximum ambient temperature within the enclosure 3. An excessively hot ambient temperature or excessively hot control circuit board 7 may result in damage to the inverter 1. The heat sink 5 is where the bulk of the heat generated by the inverter 1 is rejected. Components of the inverter that generate a significant amount of heat, such as transistors, may be directly thermally connected to the heat sink 5. A temperature transducer monitoring the temperature of the heat sink 5 is a good indicator of thermal performance of the inverter 1 as a whole. An excessively hot heat sink 5 will result in damage to the inverter 1. The power circuit board 13 is a good place to locate a passive thermal actuator or switch since that is a location where the inverter 1 may be disconnected from outside power. FIG. 2 shows a schematic of thermal protection circuitry for an inverter 1 according to an embodiment of the present invention. A heat sink thermister 17 sends a temperature signal to a digital signal processor (DSP) 21. When the temperature of the heat sink exceeds a maximum heat sink temperature set-point (90.degree. C. in one embodiment), the DSP 21 signals the active inverting power electronics 23 in the inverter 1 to cease converting DC power to AC power. In one embodiment, the active inverting power electronics 23 are a pulse width modulated IGBT module 23. After a set period of time (20 minutes in one embodiment), if the temperature of the heat sink 5, as indicated by the signal from the heat sink thermister 17, has dropped below the maximum heat sink temperature set-point, the DSP 21 sends a signal to the active inverting power electronics 23 to recommence converting DC power to AC power. A control circuit board integrated circuit temperature sensor 15 sends a temperature signal to the DSP 21. When the temperature of the control circuit board exceeds a maximum control circuit board temperature set-point (95.degree. C. in one embodiment), the DSP 21 signals the active inverting power electronics 23 in the inverter 1 to cease converting DC power to AC power. After a set period of time (20 minutes in one embodiment), if the temperature of the control circuit board 7, as indicated by the signal from the control circuit board thermocouple 15, has dropped below the maximum control circuit board temperature set-point the DSP 21 sends a signal to the active inverting power electronics 23 to recommence converting DC power to AC power. Both of the above described modes of thermal protection are active. The DSP 21 senses the signal from either the control circuit board thermocouple 15 or the heat sink thermister 17 and actively signals a shut down of the active inverting power electronics 23. The active inverting power electronics 23 and thus the inverter 1 is still connected to a utility grid 24. In one embodiment, power flows from the active power electronics 21 through an isolation transformer 9, through an inductor 11, and then through a contactor 25 before it reaches the utility grid 24. Though the contactor 25 may disconnect the inverter electrically from the utility grid, 24 it is not necessarily activated by two modes of thermal protection described above. For fire protection and as a failsafe last line of thermal protection, a passive mode is preferable. In one embodiment, the contactor 25 is a normally open device. The contactor 25 is caused to close and stay closed by the presence of a voltage at control terminals on the contactor 25. The voltage is provided by a power supply 27 of a suitable voltage for the type of contactor used (five volts in one embodiment). The voltage to the contactor may be interrupted by the activation of a bimetal thermal switch (or thermostat) 19 that is located on the power circuit board 13. In one embodiment, the thermostat 19 is set to open, or interrupt the voltage to the contactor 25, at a temperature of 105.degree. C. and reclose at a temperature of 90.degree. C. This final described mode of thermal protection will work even if the DSP 21 is malfunctioning or if there is an electrical short or other heat generating problem at a location electrically between the active inverting power electronics 23 and the grid 24 such that a signal from the DSP 21 commanding the active inverting power electronics 23 to cease converting DC power to AC power would not remove the source of energy (the grid 24) from the problem. While an embodiment of the invention has been shown and described, it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that various modifications may be made without departing from the scope of the invention. Therefore, it is intended that the invention not necessarily be limited to the particular embodiments described and illustrated herein. * * * * *