A power converter system advantageously employs a modular, bi-directionally symmetrical power converter assembly in a readily customizable configuration to interconnect a direct current power source to a three-phase alternating power grid. Connections external to the power converter assembly are selected to optimize the power converter system for a specific application, such as interconnecting a photovoltaic array to the three-phase electrical power grid. The electrical interconnections of various elements including isolation transformers, voltage sensors, and control switches are optimized to improve efficiency and reliability.
A mounting bracket mounts a photovoltaic module to a support structure.
A mounting bracket mounts a photovoltaic module to a support structure.
A mounting bracket mounts a photovoltaic module to a support structure.
The maximum power point (MPP) of a photovoltaic array that can be coupled to power inverter is determined. A capacitor on a DC-bus side of the inverter is used as a load from which I-V characteristics of the photovoltaic array can be generated. The photovoltaic array is connected to the capacitor, which has been previously discharged by a bleed down resistor. Short circuit current, open circuit voltage, and values of current and voltage as the capacitor charges are determined and used to generate I-V characteristics of the photovoltaic array. From the I-V characteristics, the MPP can be calculated.
 A power system employs an outer voltage feedback loop and an inner current feedback loop to control a power converter, such as a DC to AC inverter for transferring electrical power between a power source, for example a photovoltaic array, and a load, for example a power grid. The outer loop accommodates variations in the output of the power source, for example accommodating anomalies in IV characteristics such as IV droop characteristic associated with photovoltaic cells. The outer loop may employ a first control regime or a second control regime, for example, dependent on whether a DC bus voltage or power is smaller than a value corresponding to measurement resolution or expected noise. 
A photovoltaic array includes a plurality of elongated rails and rectangular photovoltaic modules. Each rail can have an extruded resin construction and can include a lower base and an upper cap that cooperate to define a pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other. The elongated rails can be mounted on a support surface and extend in a spaced and parallel relationship with each other. During mounting, edges of the photovoltaic modules can be received by the grooves. In this way, the photovoltaic modules can be mounted above the support surface in a spaced relationship from the support surface.
Apparatus for conditioning power generated by an energy source includes an inverter for converting a DC input voltage from the energy source to a square wave AC output voltage, and a converter for converting the AC output voltage from the inverter to a sine wave AC output voltage.
The present invention discloses a system and method for mounting a flexible material, such as a web of photovoltaic material, onto a surface, such as a roof. The system and method comprises providing a first and a second elongated web of flexible material and disposing the first and second webs on the surface in a longitudinally aligned relationship with one another, wherein a first edge of said first web abuts a first edge of said second web to form a longitudinal engagement point to produce a substantially triangular shape. At least one clamping strip is secured onto the longitudinal engagement point, wherein the clamping strip(s) is adapted to secure the longitudinal engagement point in a stable position for the length of the web. At least one batten cap is clamped onto the clamping strip(s), wherein the batten cap(s) is adapted to secure the clamping strips. Additionally, securing means, such as screws, nails or adhesives, may be incorporated to attach the sides of the substantially triangular shape to the surface.
Apparatus for conditioning power generated by an energy source includes an inverter for converting a DC input voltage from the energy source to a square wave AC output voltage, and a converter for converting the AC output voltage from the inverter to a sine wave AC output voltage.
A photovoltaic awning assembly includes a sheet of material carrying photovoltaic strips thereon. A rotatable roll receives the sheet of material and has a contoured drum at opposite ends thereof for deploying and retrieving the sheet of material through the use of a cable connected to a boom at an opposite end of the sheet. A pair of support tubes extend along opposite sides of the sheet of material, and support legs serve to position the sheet. In one embodiment of the invention, one of the support legs is out of plane with the others, introducing a saddle surface in the sheet of material to provide it with stability to resist wind. The roll for retrieving and maintaining the material is constructed of a non-metallic material such as corrugated fiberglass sheet, rolled about take-up drums at opposite ends thereof, and having reinforcing flanged disks in the interior thereof. The corrugations provide conduits for the passage of electrical conductors to an externally maintained control box. Retracting of the awning sheet is facilitated by means of a spring maintained in side rails that is loaded when the awning is deployed, and which assists in the retraction of the awning, when required. A cable is interposed between the boom of the awning and the take-up drum, passing through a pulley arrangement to achieve the desired loading of the spring. An adjustment of the spring tension is provided by bolt adjustment.
A mounting system comprising at least one mounting assembly is disclosed. A mounting assembly is used to mount at least one solar panel. The mounting assembly includes a support base, a rotating base, a first motor assembly, a solar panel base and a second motor assembly. The rotating base is mounted on the support base and rotates about its vertical axis by the help of the first motor assembly, which is disposed between the rotating base and the support base. The solar panel base is coupled to the rotating base through a set of links, which transfers the rotation of the rotating base to the solar panel base. The second motor assembly is disposed on the rotating base and it provides a tilting movement to the solar panel base, which enables solar panel base to tilt at a plurality of angle from the horizontal surface of the rotating base.
A system and method for installing a solar module on a roof using a mounting structure which can be adjusted after it has been fixed to the roof. The mounting structure is comprised of a plate having a slot into which an adjustable bracket is slidably positioned. The mounting structures are spaced from each other and the plates are fixed to the roof by toggle bolts or the like. A framed module is placed across the structures and one or both of the adjustable brackets are adjusted to align holes in the frame of the module with threaded chambers in the brackets. Next, threaded fasteners are passed through the holes and into the chambers to thereby secure the solar module to the roof.
A bracket is disclosed for attaching solar panels to roof structures. The bracket may comprise first, second and third planar portions, the first and third portions generally parallel to each other, and the second planar portion disposed at an oblique angle with respect to first and third portions. The first portion may have a plurality of elongated stiffening members disposed at oblique angles with respect to a longitudinal axis of the bracket. Gussets may be provided across the transition between the first and second portions, and the transition between the second and third portions. The gussets and stiffening members are shaped, sized and oriented to enhance the strength of the bracket. The bracket may have a drain hole to allow water to pass through the bracket, and a plurality of fastener holes are provided to enable the bracket to attach to a variety of different solar panels and roof structures.
A control system for a power inverter is disclosed. The power inverter may be configured to supply power to a grid. The control system may include a plurality of output voltage sensors and a plurality of output current sensors configured to measure output line voltages and output line currents of the power inverter. The control system may further include a controller coupled to the power inverter. The controller may be configured to provide a control signal associated with a disturbance frequency to the power inverter. The controller may be further configured to determine an output power of the power inverter based on the output line voltages and output line currents, and determine an amplitude of oscillation in the output power caused by the disturbance frequency. The controller may also be configured to detect an islanding condition, if the amplitude of oscillation is below a threshold. The control system may further include an interface circuit coupled to the controller and configured to disconnect the grid from the power inverter if the islanding condition is detected.
Mechanical clips and pier cap assemblies are provided that may be used to construct solar panel mounting frames. The assemblies include a pier cap that is configured to be attached to a top portion of a pier, which includes an opening and a flange stop. The flange stop is configured to support a solar panel mounting frame member. The assemblies further include a clip that has an aperture and a tab, with the tab being configured to be disposed through the opening in the pier cap. The assemblies further include a bolt and a nut, which are used to secure a solar panel mounting frame member to the pier cap.
A solar roofing system is described that is adapted for managing the flow of water down a roof. The system includes at least one roofing panel adapted for supporting photovoltaic material and at least one splice plate for interconnecting adjacent roofing panels. The roofing panels have a trough adapted for receiving water flowing down the roof and redistributing the water away from the splice plate. Anchoring clips secure roofing panels to the roof and space roofing panels from the roof for improved air circulation beneath the panels. Closure assemblies are used at edges of roofing panels to conceal electrical wiring from photovoltaic material sheets and to close off edge gaps formed by a terraced roofing system.
A cam-actuated connection device joins rail mounting members of a photovoltaic panel array. The connection device slides within channels of mounting members until the members are in a properly positioned grid. When in position, the connection device is rotated to lock the mounting members in a rigid grid network. The connecting device can be subsequently loosened, repositioned and locked into position. The rail-mounting members create a grid for installation of multiple PV panels. The mounting rail allows the unit to remain relatively compact in nature but still covers a wide range of PV panel thicknesses. The rail system has a hinged connection with the mounting rail that allows an installer to assemble the module in a near perpendicular fashion to the mounting rail, make the required electrical connections and then lower the PV module into its working position. The unit is then locked into its working position.
A bracket is disclosed for attaching solar panels to roof structures. The bracket may comprise first, second and third planar portions, the first and third portions generally parallel to each other, and the second planar portion disposed at an oblique angle with respect to first and third portions. The first portion may have a plurality of elongated stiffening members disposed at oblique angles with respect to a longitudinal axis of the bracket. Gussets may be provided across the transition between the first and second portions, and the transition between the second and third portions. The gussets and stiffening members are shaped, sized and oriented to enhance the strength of the bracket. The bracket may have a drain hole to allow water to pass through the bracket, and a plurality of fastener holes are provided to enable the bracket to attach to a variety of different solar panels and roof structures.
A solar roofing kit for placing over a section of roof deck to generate electricity. The kit comprises at least one elongated strip of flexible photovoltaic material having a predetermined length and at least one panel supporting the strip. The panels have a riser or rib that extends generally perpendicularly away from the edge to engage and elevate a part of an adjacent panel. The kit also includes at least one side flashing for extending along and sealing at least one of the left and right edges of a panel
This invention relates to a frame for mounting a solar panel, where an angle frame member has a generally L-shaped cross section. The highly contoured frame member includes a riser element and a span element, where the riser element includes a straight section below an arcuate section bending towards the inside of the angle frame member. This invention also relates to solar modules, arrays of solar modules and methods of mounting solar modules, all having a highly contoured frame member.
A method is provided for minimizing a double-frequency ripple power exchanged between a load and an energy source, the energy source delivering electrical power to the load through a single-phase power conditioner, and the power conditioner being coupled to an energy storage device. The method senses a first AC waveform at the output of the power conditioner, generates a second AC waveform at the energy storage device, the second AC waveform having the same frequency as the first AC waveform, and shifts the second AC waveform by a phase shift equal to π/4 radians relative to a phase of the first AC waveform, thereby minimizing the double-frequency ripple power in the power supplied by the energy source.
Mounting systems for mounting solar panels to a surface are disclosed and can include panel clamp assemblies and rail clamp assemblies. Panel clamp assemblies can comprise a panel clamp having a base and arms extending from edges of the base, the base having an aperture, a rail clamp having a central portion with an aperture and two flexible tabs extending from the central portion on opposing sides of the aperture and a fastener threaded through the apertures such that that flexible tabs contact a head of the fastener and the arms extend in an opposite direction from the flexible tabs. Rail clamp assemblies can comprise a base member having a bottom and two side walls, the bottom having at least one aperture and each side wall having an elongated aperture, two clamping members and a fastener, wherein the side walls of the base member are positioned such that the opening is of sufficient size to receive the rail.
Disclosed herein are embodiments of modular racking systems for solar panels and in particular, modular solar panel racks, racking systems, arrays of racks, kits and methods of use. One embodiment of a modular solar panel rack comprises a plurality of discrete ballast holders and a plurality of panel support members each having two upright portions, a transverse portion contiguously connected between the two upright portions, the connection such that the transverse portion is non-perpendicular to the two upright portions, and a retainer attached to the transverse portion and configured to retain a solar panel. Each of the plurality of ballast holders is connected to no more than four panel support members, each ballast holder perpendicularly connected to one of the upright portions.
This invention relates to a frame for mounting a solar panel where a tubular frame member has a generally triangular cross section. The frame member includes a riser element, a span element and a truss element. 5 The frame meets the IEC 61215, Second edition standard for wind and snow loadings without significantly increasing the weight of the solar module compared to conventional frames with an open channel. This invention also relates to an array of solar modules mounted on a structure as well as a method of mounting the frame with a connection channel for slidably accepting an anchor.
A solar module includes a photovoltaic device that is partially encapsulated on a front side by a laminate layer. A front substrate is located over the laminate layer. The photovoltaic device is also at least partially encapsulated on a back side by a pressure sensitive adhesive layer. The adhesive layer acts as an encapsulant to protect the photovoltaic device as well as acts as an adhesive for attachment to a substrate.
A frame system is disclosed for supporting photovoltaic (PV) panels on a support surface. The frame system may make use of a plurality of frame rails, with each frame rail forming a single piece component having a channel formed therein. Each frame rail may have a first portion and a second portion extending non-parallel to the first portion. The system may also include a plurality of ballast trays for securing to the frame rails. Each ballast tray may have a floor portion being of dimensions adapted to support a predetermined ballast weight thereon, and a connecting bracket secured to the floor portion. The connecting bracket may define a plurality of locations thereon at which end portions of a pair of the frame rails may be connected to the connecting bracket. The connecting bracket enables a degree of adjustable spacing to be provided between adjacent rows of frame rails connected to the connecting bracket.
A photovoltaic structure is provided. The photovoltaic structure includes a photovoltaic module having a top surface, a bottom surface, and a perimeter. The photovoltaic structure also includes a plurality of flexible tabs attached to the photovoltaic module bottom surface, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs extend beyond the perimeter of the photovoltaic module. A method for mounting a photovoltaic module is also provided.
Embodiments relate to a solar electrical power generation device, including one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units each unit including an adapter to electrically connect to other units, a moveable and adjustable frame supporting at least one of the one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units and an electrical storage device being capable of storing electrical power generated from the one or more power source units. The frame is moveable from between sites and within a site and adjustable to increase or decrease a unit angle in relation to the sun and wherein the device being capable of connecting to a utility grid or serving as a stand-alone electrical power system.
An area electric power system includes a number of direct current power sources, and a number of inverters operatively associated with the number of direct current power sources. Each of the number of inverters is structured to provide real power and controlled reactive power injection to detect islanding. An output is powered by the number of inverters. A number of electrical switching apparatus are structured to electrically connect the number of inverters to and electrically disconnect the number of inverters from a utility grid. A number of devices are structured to detect islanding with respect to the utility grid responsive to a number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage of the output.
A power conversion system includes a number of photovoltaic arrays, a number of inverters, a transformer, and processor. The processor is structured to control the number of inverters and operate the power conversion system to provide maximum efficiency of power conversion by the number of photovoltaic arrays, the number of inverters and the transformer, and to maximize power output from the number of photovoltaic arrays.
"A protection apparatus is for a direct current electrical generating apparatus. The protection apparatus includes a first terminal
A solar power inverter that detects islanding conditions includes a power generation component that generates alternating current (AC) from direct current produced by photovoltaic cells. The inverter generates AC for a load or an electrical power grid. The inverter also includes a component that generates synchrophasors from characteristics of electrically proximate AC. The inverter further includes a component that receives grid synchrophasors transmitted from a location on the electrical power grid (e.g., a transmission substation). The inverter further includes a controller that uses the inverter synchrophasors and the grid synchrophasors to calculate a degree of correlation between the electrical power grid AC frequency and the frequency of the electrically proximate AC. If the degree of correlation dips below a predefined value or exhibits certain patterns or behaviors that are indicative of a loss of mains (e.g., a loss of main power along the electrical power grid), the controller can cause the power generation component to stop generating AC or cause the inverter to intentionally island by electrically disconnecting from the electrical power grid.
A photovoltaic module mounting cartridge has a frame structure for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic modules thereon, the frame structure having supports for engaging with and supporting an associated mounting rail provided on the underside of a photovoltaic module such that the photovoltaic module can be selectively installed or removed from the cartridge. A method of assembling a photovoltaic module mounting cartridge is also described, comprising providing a frame structure, providing a plurality of photovoltaic modules having at least one associated mounting rail, arranging the photovoltaic modules atop the frame structure, and attaching each associated mounting rail to the frame structure.
Mechanical clips and pier cap assemblies are provided that may be used to construct solar panel mounting frames. The assemblies include a pier cap that is configured to be attached to a top portion of a pier, which includes an opening and a flange stop. The flange stop is configured to support a solar panel mounting frame member. The assemblies further include a clip that has an aperture and a tab, with the tab being configured to be disposed through the opening in the pier cap. The assemblies further include a bolt and a nut, which are used to secure a solar panel mounting frame member to the pier cap.
Systems, methods, and devices are presented for mitigating arc fault events in a photovoltaic system. An aspect of this disclosure is directed to a photovoltaic system for generating electrical power. The photovoltaic system includes one or more solar panels, and one or more shuttering assemblies, each of which is configured to selectively limit the quantity of light received by one or more of the solar panels. One or more sensing devices detect characteristics of an arc fault event in the photovoltaic system, and output signals indicative thereof. A control module is operatively connected to the shuttering assemblies and the sensing devices. The control module is configured to direct the one or more shuttering assemblies to reduce the quantity of light received by at least one of the one or more solar panels in response to the output signals indicating there is an arc fault event in the photovoltaic system.
A power converter includes at least two power conversion sections operating in parallel. The power converter receives a variable input power and generates an AC output voltage. When the power source is generating enough power to supply a DC voltage to the power converter greater than or equal to the peak magnitude of the desired AC voltage output, each power conversion section operates in parallel, converting the DC voltage to the desired AC voltage output. When the power generated by the variable power source results in a DC voltage having a magnitude less than the peak magnitude of the desired AC voltage output, the power conversion sections operate in series. One power conversion section operates as a boost converter to boost the DC voltage level to a suitable level for the second power conversion section, which generates the desired AC output voltage.
