An inverter component layout and mounting bracket are disclosed which allow for electrical components, or the inverter as a whole to be replaced easily in the field. The disclosed mounting bracket and component layout also improve the heat rejection properties of the inverter.
A method for detecting and interrupting an electrically islanded condition for a grid connected current source inverter is disclosed in which: A line voltage frequency is monitored at a cycle or sub cycle resolution. Current output from the inverter is periodically phase shifted. If voltage is observed to follow the phase shift of the current output an islanding error signal is generated causing the inverter to stop injecting power onto the line.
A method for the startup of a solar power three-phase inverter in which a waiting period is increased between successive attempts to start the inverter. This method allows the inverter to start up in a reasonable amount of time while avoiding excessive cycling during prolonged periods of low light.
A method for the startup of a solar power inverter in which a waiting period is increased between successive attempts to start the inverter. This method allows the inverter to start up in a reasonable amount of time while avoiding excessive cycling during prolonged periods of low light.
An inverter has three redundant modes of thermal protection providing fire protection and secures protection of the inverter from thermal damage. An embodiment of the present invention is disclosed wherein thermal transducers or actuators are located on a control circuit board, a heat sink, and a power circuit board. Two of the modes of thermal protection are active and one is passive.
Inverter bus structures, assemblies and associated methods are disclosed herein. One embodiment of the disclosure, for example, is directed to a power inverter including an inverter module for converting DC power to AC power, a printed circuit board carrying a capacitor array, a DC power source, and a bus structure. The bus structure is physically coupled each of the inverter module and the printed circuit board, and the bus structure electrically couples each of the inverter module, the printed circuit board to the DC power source.
A system and method for operating a photovoltaic element at or near a maximum power point. A maximum power point tracker changes a voltage or current set point of a photovoltaic element in sequential discrete steps, measuring an output power at each step after a predetermined settling time. A slope of a power-voltage curve is then estimated and the slope is corrected for irradiance changes. Finally, an operating voltage or current of the photovoltaic element is adjusted based on the slope of the power-voltage curve and other factors, causing the photovoltaic element to operate at or near its maximum power.
A system and method for detecting islanding in a Distributed Generation utility grid is described. In some examples, the system, via an inverter, injects a frequency disturbance to a location of the utility grid associated with a DG generator, measures both the frequency error due to the disturbance and the frequency drift of the location of the utility grid, and determines islanding based on a maximum value of the frequencies. In some cases, the system is able to reduce or minimize the Non-Detection Zone of the inverter by detecting islanding without always relying on a detectable frequency error due to an injected waveform.
A modular shade system with solar tracking panels includes a series of generally North-South oriented, spaced apart torque tubes, each torque tube having an axis, a series of panels mounted to at least some of the torque tubes to create spaced-apart rows of panels along the torque tubes, at least some of the panels being solar collector panels. The system also includes a shade structure, positioned at a selected location between selected ones of the torque tubes and above the support surface so to provide an enhanced shaded region thereunder, and a support structure. The support structure includes a first mounting assembly mounting each torque tube above the support surface for rotation about the axis of each torque tube and a second mounting assembly supporting the shade structure at the selected location. The system further comprises a tilting assembly selectively rotating each torque tube about its axis.
Uninterruptible power supplies, solar power kits for uninterruptible power supplies and related methods are described. According to one aspect, an uninterruptible power supply includes a power bus, mains circuitry configured to rectify electrical energy received from a mains supply system into rectified electrical energy and to provide the rectified electrical energy to a power bus of the uninterruptible power supply, photovoltaic circuitry configured to convert solar energy into converted electrical energy and to provide the converted electrical energy to the power bus, a battery system configured to receive electrical energy from the power bus to charge a battery of the battery system and to discharge electrical energy to the power bus, an inverter configured to provide electrical energy from the power bus to the load, and a controller configured to monitor the photovoltaic circuitry and to implement at least one operation of the uninterruptible power supply using the monitoring.
Disclosed is an apparatus for mounting equipment or solar photovoltaic structures to roofs where the apparatus base plate engages the roof surface directly, creating a water resistant seal, without the need for flashing. The base plate upper surface includes an upwardly projected portion that is circumscribed by a groove. The base plate lower surface includes a counterbore. Both the counterbore and the groove are disposed to receive annular seals. A threaded fastener is received and seated the upwardly projected portion top surface and feeds through the counterbore, securing the base plate to the roof structure and creates a water resistant seal by compressing the lower annular seal and by creating surface-to-surface contact with the roof and portion of the base plate. An inwardly threaded cover portion engages the upwardly projected portion either directly or through an intermediary, creating a water resistant seal over the fastener.
An inverter design with makes use of an integrated power module in place of discrete transistors. The use of an integrated power module facilitates the creation of a field replaceable component consisting of the power module and a circuit board with control and other circuitry.
Disclosed herein is a grid interactive inverter capable of multiple modes of operation including: a normal mode for transferring DC power to a utility grid, a constant AC current mode for limiting inverter output, a constant DC voltage mode used for DC testing, and a PV array simulation mode for testing of other inverters in the manufacturing process.
Disclosed herein is a three-phase, grid interactive inverter capable of multiple modes of operation including: a normal mode for transferring DC power to a utility grid, a constant AC current mode for limiting inverter output, a constant DC voltage mode used for DC testing, and a PV array simulation mode for testing of other inverters in the manufacturing process.
In one embodiment, a solar power inverter includes at least one component associated with conversion of direct current (DC) from one or more photovoltaic cells to alternating current (AC). The component is electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry electrical current. The solar power inverter also includes a first surge protective device (SPD) electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. The solar power inverter also includes a second SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the first SPD and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. As described in more detail herein, the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the electrical conductor before the second SPD.
A system and method for operating a photovoltaic element at or near a maximum power point. A maximum power point tracker changes a voltage or current set point of a photovoltaic element in sequential discrete steps, measuring an output power at each step after a predetermined settling time. A slope of a power-voltage curve is then estimated and the slope is corrected for irradiance changes. Finally, an operating voltage or current of the photovoltaic element is adjusted based on the slope of the power-voltage curve and other factors, causing the photovoltaic element to operate at or near its maximum power.
An electrical power generation system, such as a solar power inverter, can provide dynamic real-time power compensation, so as to mitigate the effects of voltage sags and swells (e.g., on a utility grid) and thereby provide voltage support functionality to a local grid. The electrical power generation system can do so by receiving first synchrophasor measurements that are taken at a point on the utility grid and transmitted to the electrical power generation system and by taking second synchrophasor measurements. The first and second synchrophasors indicate voltage magnitude and frequency of the alternating current (AC) at their respective measurement points. The electrical power generation system can compare the first synchrophasors with the second synchrophasors and based upon the comparison, vary the power factor of the power the electrical power generation system generates (e.g., by either supplying or absorbing reactive power).
Power converter systems with high accuracy signal generation and associated methods are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a method for controlling an inverter coupled to a grid includes receiving data representing a voltage signal of the grid, analyzing the received data in frequency domain, and extracting a fundamental frequency component from the analyzed data in frequency domain. The method can also include calculating a waveform based on the fundamental frequency component and controlling an output of the inverter based on the calculated waveform.
The present disclosure describes systems and methods for monitoring an electrical power grid using loosely synchronized phasors. The grid can include a phasor measurement unit (PMU) that keeps a highly-accurate time, such as a time provided by GPS signals. A solar power inverter can include a clock that is synchronized to a less-accurate time, such as a time provided by a public time server or a radio time signal. The inverter can also include a PMU that generates phasors timestamped according to the less-accurate time. The inverter can receive phasors from the grid PMU. Although the grid and inverter phasors can be loosely synchronized in time, the inverter can analyze the grid and inverter phasors to determine a state of the grid. For example, the inverter can calculate a Pearson's correlation coefficient based on the grid and inverter phasors, and use the result to determine a state of the grid.
