A system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object is provided. The system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object, according to the present invention, includes an apparatus and method useful for removably and adjustably mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on an object such as a pole or roof, and includes one or more triple track rails. Also included are one or more connector brackets that are demountably attachable to the one or more triple track rails and to the object.
A system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on a surface is provided. The system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on a surface, according to the present invention, includes an apparatus and method useful for removably and adjustably mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on a surface such as a roof, and includes one or more dual track rails. Also included are at least one clamp configurable in at least two different constructions for securing the rails to a footing grid.
"A photovoltaic system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes a first and second inputs adapted to couple to a first and second rails of a first photovoltaic array
A high efficiency photovoltaic DC-DC converter achieves solar power conversion from high voltage, highly varying photovoltaic power sources to harvest maximum power from a solar source or strings of panels for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid at high power levels with coordinated control possible for various elements. Photovoltaic DC-DC converters can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 97%, 98%, 99.2% efficiency, or even only wire transmission losses. Switch mode impedance or voltage conversion circuit embodiments may have pairs of photovoltaic power interrupt switch elements and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements to first increase voltage and then decrease voltage as part of the desired photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion.
The present invention comprises a tracking solar power array that provides shelter to items disposed beneath the solar power array, particularly to vehicles.
The specification and drawing figures describe and show a low profile mounting system that includes a at least one rail. A plurality of tracks is formed in the rail with opposing jaws. The opposing jaws define a slot. The opposing jaws are disposed in the rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the rail. At least one ledge monolithically extends from the rail for holding an object such as a solar panel. A coupler is provided for demountably connecting a solar panel to the rail. A cleat also is provided for attaching the system to a surface. A connector connects the rail to the cleat. This abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure, but this abstract is not to be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of any claim.
A ground fault detector and interrupter for a photovoltaic (PV) energy conversion system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes first and second inputs adapted to couple to a first and second rails of a PV array. An inverter is configured to convert DC power generated from the PV array to AC power. A ground fault detector and interrupter, which is coupled to the first and second rails and to the inverter, is configured to detect ground fault conditions in the PV array and to decouple the PV array from the remaining portion of the PV energy conversion system upon such detection. A known signal is coupled to the input of the ground fault detector and interrupter, and then sensed at the output of the ground fault detector and interrupter to determine whether components of the ground fault detector and interrupter are operating properly.
A high efficiency photovoltaic DC-DC converter achieves solar power conversion from high voltage, highly varying photovoltaic power sources to harvest maximum power from a solar source or strings of panels for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid at high power levels with coordinated control possible for various elements. Photovoltaic DC-DC converters can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 97%, 98%, 99.2% efficiency, or even only wire transmission losses. Switch mode impedance or voltage conversion circuit embodiments may have pairs of photovoltaic power interrupt switch elements and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements to first increase voltage and then decrease voltage as part of the desired photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion.
Different systems to achieve solar power conversion are provided in at least three different general aspects, with circuitry that can be used to harvest maximum power from a solar source (1) or strings of panels (11) for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid (10) three aspects can exist perhaps independently and relate to: 1) electrical power conversion in a multimodal manner, 2) alternating between differing processes such as by an alternative mode photovoltaic power converter functionality control (27), and 3) systems that can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses. Switch mode impedance conversion circuits may have pairs of photovoltaic power series switch elements (24) and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements (25).
 Disclosed herein are rigid solar powered photovoltaic (PV) integrated roofing membrane and related methods of manufacturing such a membrane. The disclosed membrane and methods beneficially provide solar power to structures in either off-grid or on-grid connections. The roofing membrane may comprise multiple membrane strips or members having electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements. The membrane members preferably have distinct patterns for the solar elements located thereon that provide for coverage of entire sections, upon installation, as well as accommodate interconnections between the solar elements. Moreover, the membrane will appreciate the numerous types of patterns to achieve such purposed of full coverage and electrical coupling. 
The present invention comprises an electrical connector device for electrically connecting an alternating current (“AC”) photovoltaic (“PV”) solar panel device having an integral micro-inverter to the utility grid. The electrical connector device is a compression connector fitting that includes an upper and lower housing, which each include a channel for receiving the main electrical conductor line. The electrical connector device further includes three electrical prong, which are designed to pierce and penetrate the insulation of the main electrical conductor line to establish an electrical connection between the micro-inverter and the utility grid, when the electrical connector device is compressed about the main electrical conductor line. The shape of the channel formed in the electrical connector device has a distinctive cross sectional shape that substantially corresponds to the shape of the main electrical conductor line to insure proper alignment and orientation of the main conductor line within the connector device.
The specification and drawing figures describe and show a low profile mounting system that includes a at least one rail. A plurality of tracks is formed in the rail with opposing jaws. The opposing jaws define a slot. The opposing jaws are disposed in the rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the rail. At least one ledge monolithically extends from the rail for holding an object such as a solar panel. A coupler is provided for demountably connecting a solar panel to the rail. A cleat also is provided for attaching the system to a surface. A connector connects the rail to the cleat. This abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure, but this abstract is not to be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of any claim.
A system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object is provided. The system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object, according to the present invention, includes an apparatus and method useful for removably and adjustably mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on an object such as a pole or roof, and includes one or more triple track rails. Also included are one or more connector brackets that are demountably attachable to the one or more triple track rails and to the object.
"A photovoltaic system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes a first and second inputs adapted to couple to a first and second rails of a photovoltaic array
Reliability enhanced systems are shown where an short-lived electrolytic capacitor can be replaced by a much smaller, perhaps film type, longer-lived capacitor to be implemented in circuits for power factor correction, solar power conversion, or otherwise to achieve DC voltage smoothing with circuitry that has solar photovoltaic source (1) a DC photovoltaic input (2) internal to a device (3) and uses an enhanced DC-DC power converter (4) to provide a smoothed DC output (6) with capacitor substitution circuitry (14) that may include interim signal circuitry (28) that creates a large voltage variation for a replaced capacitor (16). Switch mode designs may include first and second switch elements (17) and (18) and an alternative path controller (21) that operates a boost controller (22) and a buck controller (23) perhaps with a switch duty cycle controller (32).
Different systems to achieve solar power conversion are provided in at least three different general aspects, with circuitry that can be used to harvest maximum power from a solar source (1) or strings of panels (11) for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid (10) three aspects can exist perhaps independently and relate to: 1) electrical power conversion in a multimodal manner, 2) alternating between differing processes such as by an alternative mode photovoltaic power converter functionality control (27), and 3) systems that can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses. Switch mode impedance conversion circuits may have pairs of photovoltaic power series switch elements (24) and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements (25).
An apparatus and system for preventing branch circuit current overload in a non-dedicated branch circuit where current is supplied at least in part by a co-generation power system through an electrical receptacle or outlet. Co-generation systems of this type are typically used in residential applications and can include solar photovoltaic systems and wind turbines. The apparatus modulates or adjusts the current flowing into the branch circuit from the co-generation power system so that the apparatus does not cause the combination of current supplied from the utility power grid into the branch circuit and current supplied by the co-generation system into the branch circuit outlet to exceed the branch circuit current capacity.
"Fault detection and interruption in connection with photovoltaic technologies are disclosed. An exemplary apparatus for interrupting a photovoltaic energy conversion system that employs a bipolar photovoltaic array includes a fault detector and interrupter configured to be coupled to the first and the second rails of the photovoltaic array, the fault detector and interrupter configured to detect a condition that requires interruption of the photovoltaic energy conversion system and open a PV tie to uncouple two PV arrays of the bipolar photovoltaic array, thereby decoupling the two PV arrays
"System, methods and apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays are disclosed. The apparatus may include a first input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array
Renewable electrical energy is provided with aspects and circuitry that can harvest maximum power from an alternative electrical energy source (1) such as a string of solar panels (11) for a power grid (10). Aspects include: i) controlling electrical power creation from photovoltaic DC-AC inverter (5), ii) operating photovoltaic DC-AC inverter (5) at maximal efficiency even when MPP would not be, iii) protecting DC-AC inverter (5) so input can vary over a range of insolation and temperature, and iv) providing dynamically reactive capability to react and assure operation, to permit differing components, to achieve code compliant dynamically reactive photovoltaic power control circuitry (41). With previously explained converters, inverter control circuitry (38) or photovoltaic power converter functionality control circuitry (8) configured as inverter sweet spot converter control circuitry (46) can achieve extraordinary efficiencies with substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic capability at 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses.
A system and apparatus for interconnecting an array of power generating assemblies includes a cable assembly having a plurality of continuous conductors and a plurality of cable connectors electrically coupled to the continuous conductors. The continuous conductors are configured to receive inverter AC power generated by inverters and deliver the combined AC power to an AC grid or other power sink. The cable connectors are configured to mate with corresponding connectors of the inverters to deliver the AC power to the continuous conductors.
A system and apparatus for interconnecting an array of power generating assemblies includes a cable assembly having a plurality of continuous conductors and a plurality of cable connectors electrically coupled to the continuous conductors. The continuous conductors are configured to receive inverter AC power generated by inverters and deliver the combined AC power to an AC grid or other power sink. The cable connectors are configured to mate with corresponding connectors of the inventers to deliver the AC power to the continuous conductors.
An apparatus, device, and system for generating an amount of output power in response to a direct current (DC) power input includes a configurable power supply, which may be electrically coupled to the DC power input. The configurable power supply is selectively configurable between multiple circuit topologies to generate various DC power outputs and/or and AC power output. The system may also include one or more DC power electronic accessories, such as DC-to-DC power converters, and/or one or more AC power electronic accessories such as DC-to-AC power converters. The power electronic accessories are couplable to the configurable power supply to receive the corresponding DC or AC power output of the configurable power supply.
An apparatus, device, and system for generating an amount of output power in response to a direct current (DC) power input includes a configurable power supply, which may be electrically coupled to the DC power input. The configurable power supply is selectively configurable between multiple circuit topologies to generate various DC power outputs and/or and AC power output. The system may also include one or more DC power electronic accessories, such as DC-to-DC power converters, and/or one or more AC power electronic accessories such as DC-to-AC power converters. The power electronic accessories are couplable to the configurable power supply to receive the corresponding DC or AC power output of the configurable power supply.
A system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object is provided. The system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object, according to the present invention, includes an apparatus and method useful for removably and adjustably mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on an object such as a pole or roof, and includes one or more triple track rails. Also included are one or more connector brackets that are demountably attachable to the one or more triple track rails and to the object.
A flexible photovoltaic module for converting light into electricity includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells, a wiring harness, and a connection subsystem. The plurality of photovoltaic cells are electrically interconnected to form a positive node for supplying current to a load and a negative node for receiving current from the load. The wiring harness includes a plurality of flexible electrical conductors, each electrical conductor being electrically isolated within the wiring harness. The connection subsystem is operable to selectively connect the positive node to one of the electrical conductors of the wiring harness. A plurality of flexible photovoltaic modules may be connected to form a photovoltaic array.
A photovoltaic system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes a photovoltaic array, a distribution system that distributes power within a premises of a demand-side energy consumer, an inverter coupled to the distribution system that is configured to convert DC power from the photovoltaic array to AC power and apply the AC power to the distribution system, a damping portion configured to damp high frequency voltages derived from the inverter, and trapping circuitry coupled to the damping portion that is configured to reduce a level of low frequency current traveling through the damping portion.
A replaceable photovoltaic inverter is mounted on each of a plurality of photovoltaic module for the conversion of direct current, produced by the photovoltaic cells, to alternating current. The inverter is coupled to a mounting bracket on the photovoltaic module such that is can be easily replaced. Replacement of an individual photovoltaic module inverter can occur during continuous operation of the photovoltaic module system with minimal impact on overall power production. The inverter is also mounted apart from the photovoltaic module to facilitate heat transfer generated by operation of the inverter.
A photovoltaic module-mounted AC inverter circuit uses one or more integrated circuits, several power transistors configured as switches, several solid-dielectric capacitors for filtering and energy storage, several inductors for power conversion and ancillary components to support the above elements in operation. The integrated circuit includes all monitoring, control and communications circuitry needed to operate the inverter. The integrated circuit controls the activity of pulse-width modulated power handling transistors in both an input boost converter and a single-phase or multi-phase output buck converter. The integrated circuit also monitors all power processing voltages and currents of the inverter and can take appropriate action to limit power dissipation in the inverter, maximize the available power from the associated PV module and shut down the inverter output if the grid conditions so warrant. The integrated circuit implements power line communications by monitoring the AC wiring for signals and generating communications signals via the same pulse-width modulation system used to generate the AC power. Communications is used to report inverter and PV module status information, local identification code and to allow for remote control of inverter operation.
"A system, method and apparatus are disclosed for improving an operating efficiency of a photovoltaic array. In one embodiment, the method includes arranging a first portion of a photovoltaic array so that the first portion of the photovoltaic array operates above a ground potential
"System, methods and apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays are disclosed. The apparatus may include a first input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array
A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system includes a central support mountable on a surface and a solar cell array including triple junction III-V semiconductor compound solar cell receivers and a support frame coupled to the solar cell array and carried by, and rotatable with respect to, the central support about an axis orthogonal to the central longitudinal axis. The support frame can include (i) a first frame assembly coupled to the solar cell array and (ii) a second frame assembly coupled to the first frame assembly arranged to increase the rigidity thereof. The system also has an actuator for rotating the central support and the support frame as well as pivoting the support frame so as to adjust its angle with respect to the earth's surface, so that the solar cell array is maintained substantially orthogonal to the rays from the sun as the sun traverses the sky.
A method for assembling a concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun includes installing a foundation on a surface and coupling a central support to the foundation. A cross member is coupled to the central support and one or more inclined arms are coupled to the cross member and the central support. A support frame, which includes a first frame assembly arranged to couple to one or more solar cell subarrays, is coupled to the cross member. One or more solar cell subarrays are coupled to the first frame assembly thereby forming a solar cell array, wherein each solar cell subarray includes a plurality of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound solar cell receivers. To enable rotation of at least a portion of the central support coupled to the support frame, an actuator is installed.
A photovoltaic (PV) module mounting system comprises a plurality of PV modules, support brackets disposed under the modules and a ballast frame disposed under and attached to the support brackets. The ballast frame is supported on conventional building rooftops and attached thereto by conventional methods. The support bracket consists of front and rear supports, which can be adjusted to alter the desired tilt angles of the overlying PV modules. The ballast frames can be adjusted to varying widths and lengths. The system is effective in reducing the net effect of wind uplift force when modules are mounted on building rooftops. Additionally, the system provides the advantage of ease of use with less components and minimal roofing penetrations.
A system, method, and apparatus for managing an application of power from photovoltaic arrays to power conversion components. The method may include arranging a first array and a second array in series, coupling a positive terminal of a first array to the power conversion component, coupling a negative terminal of a second array to the power conversion component, and modulating an amount of current flowing between a negative terminal of the first array and a positive terminal of the second array so as to ramp up a level of current flowing through the arrays as the arrays are brought online with the power conversion component. A voltage of any terminal on either of the arrays may be limited so that the voltage on any of the terminals does not reach a restricted level.
The present invention comprises an asphalt roofing shingle with integrated thin film solar cells that is easy to install and scalable to each particular application. The system of the present invention comprises a standard asphalt roofing shingle manufactured with an integrated thin film solar cell connected to two electrodes configured on opposing sides of the shingle. The shingle is dimensioned to that of a standard asphalt shingle. Roofing nails, which are used to install the shingle to the roof, physically attach the shingle to the roof, may also establish an electrical connection between the electrodes of the respective shingles creating a unified electrical circuit amongst the attached solar shingles.
Different systems to achieve solar power conversion are provided in at least three different general aspects, with circuitry that can be used to harvest maximum power from a solar source (1) or strings of panels (11) for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid (10) three aspects can exist perhaps independently and relate to: 1) electrical power conversion in a multimodal manner, 2) alternating between differing processes such as by an alternative mode photovoltaic power converter functionality control (27), and 3) systems that can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses. Switchmode impedance conversion circuits may have pairs of photovoltaic power series switch elements (24) and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements (25).
A solar energy system (55) has aspects that can allow individualized control and analysis for overall field power control that can be used while harvesting maximum power from a solar energy source (1) and a string of solar panels (11) for a power grid (10). The invention provides control of power at high efficiency with aspects that can exist independently including: 1) power management with switch disconnect control (64), 2) sequenced start of a solar power system, 3) providing a safety output system that can be handled by installers and maintenance and advantageously controlled, 4) providing programmable power functionality controller (86) either on site or remotely from an administrative facility by radio transmission individual solar panel disconnect control (85), 5) a system with pattern analyzer (87) for operational, installation, and maintenance indications, and 6) systems with individual solar panel string power simulator (89) for disparate components.
Electrically powered equipment and a method of powering the equipment. In one embodiment, the equipment includes: (1) an electric power consuming apparatus, (2) a mains input coupled to the apparatus and configured to be coupled to a branch circuit extending from a distribution panel and allow electric power from the branch circuit to flow to the apparatus and (3) a grid-tied power source input at least intermittently couplable to the mains input and configured to receive electric power from at least one premises power source and allow the electric power to flow to the apparatus or the distribution panel. In a more specific embodiment, the equipment is an outdoor unit.
A photovoltaic system, method and apparatus are disclosed. In an exemplary embodiment, the system includes a power converter configured to convert power from one form to another form, and an interface portion adapted to couple to the power converter, a first photovoltaic array, a second photovoltaic array, and a third photovoltaic array. In variations, the interface portion is configured to modulate an application of a voltage from the first photovoltaic array to the second and third photovoltaic arrays so as to adjust a voltage applied from the three photovoltaic arrays to the power converter.
Methods and devices for assembling a terrestrial solar tracking photovoltaic array. The methods may include securing a torque tube to an alignment fixture by positioning a flange at an end of the torque tube over a shelf on the alignment fixture and positioning a section of the torque tube inward from the flange into a receptacle on the shelf of the alignment fixture. The method may include aligning and mounting a mount to the torque tube at a point along the torque tube inward from the end of the torque tube. The method may include aligning and mounting a solar cell module to the mount with the solar cell module including an array of lenses positioned over a set of corresponding receivers that include one or more III-V compound semiconductor solar cells. The method may include removing the torque tube from the alignment fixture after the solar cell module is mounted to the mount. The method may include aligning and mounting the torque tube to an end of a longitudinal support with the torque tube being coaxial with the longitudinal support and the solar cell module being able to rotate with the torque tube about a first axis that extends through the torque tube and the longitudinal support and a second axis perpendicular to the first axis.
A mounting assembly (70c) for installing solar cell or photovoltaic modules (58) on a building surface (34) is disclosed. The mounting assembly (70c) includes a mounting device (74), a stud (114) that may be threaded to the mounting device (74), a clamping member (142) that may be positioned on the stud (114), and a nut (128) that may be threaded onto the stud (114) to secure the clamping member (142) to the mounting device (74). A mounting plate (110′) is disposed somewhere between the clamping member (142) and the mounting device (74). This mounting plate (110′) includes a raised structure or dome (174) on its upper surface (170) for positionally registering modules (58) thereto, a plurality of grounding projections (172) on this same upper surface (170), and a plurality of wiring tabs or clips (178) on its lower surface (176).
A mounting assembly (70c) for installing solar cell or photovoltaic modules (58) on a building surface (34) is disclosed. The mounting assembly (70c) includes a mounting device (74), a stud (114) that may be threaded to the mounting device (74), a clamping member (142) that may be positioned on the stud (114), and a nut (128) that may be threaded onto the stud (114) to secure the clamping member (142) to the mounting device (74). A mounting plate (110') is disposed somewhere between the clamping member (142) and the mounting device (74). This mounting plate (110') includes a raised structure or dome (174) on its upper surface (170) for positionally registering modules (58) thereto, a plurality of grounding projections (172) on this same upper surface (170), and a plurality of wiring tabs or clips (178) on its lower surface (176).
A mounting assembly (70c) for installing solar cell or photovoltaic modules (58) on a building surface (34) is disclosed. The mounting assembly (70c) includes a mounting device (74), a stud (114) that may be threaded to the mounting device (74), a clamping member (142) that may be positioned on the stud (114), and a nut (128) that may be threaded onto the stud (114) to secure the clamping member (142) to the mounting device (74). A mounting plate (110') is disposed somewhere between the clamping member (142) and the mounting device (74). This mounting plate (110') includes a raised structure or dome (174) on its upper surface (170) for positionally registering modules (58) thereto, a plurality of grounding projections (172) on this same upper surface (170), and a plurality of wiring tabs or clips (178) on its lower surface (176).
An innovative, low-density, highly-insulating modular panel for use in many applications and industries. The panel consists of a frame that may be preformed or bent and may be made of rigid or flexible material, and a panel covering comprising at least one pocket of thin, low-density shade fabric that has the capability of sufficiently stretching to surround the frame when the pocket is pulled onto it. The pocket may be then secured, along any previously open end where the frame was inserted, by various fastening devices. The panel covering pocket may have additional features added, as described herein. The panel is durable and cost-effective, and has good solar-control and insulating qualities. It is also a windbreak panel, a noise-reduction panel, an impact protection panel, a water-resistant panel, a fall protection panel, and a pollution-control panel. Two or more panels can be joined to create a structure-protecting panel assembly or system.
Methods and apparatus may provide for the adaptive operation of a solar power system (3). Solar energy sources (1) and photovoltaic DC-DC power converters (2) may be interconnected in serial, parallel, or combined arrangements. DC photo-voltaic power conversion may be accomplished utilizing dynamically adjustable voltage output limits (8) of photovoltaic DC-DC power converters (2). A photovoltaic DC-DC power converter (2) may include at least one external state data interface (7) receptive to at least one external state parameter of a solar power system (3). A dynamically adjustable voltage output limit control (12) may be used to relationally set a dynamically adjustable voltage output limit (8) of a photovoltaic DC-DC power converter (2). Dynamically adjusting voltage output limits (8) may be done in relation to external state parameter information to achieve desired system results.
Different systems to achieve solar power conversion are provided in at least three different general aspects, with circuitry that can be used to harvest maximum power from a solar source (1) or strings of panels (11) for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid (10) three aspects can exist perhaps independently and relate to: 1) electrical power conversion in a multimodal manner, 2) alternating between differing processes such as by an alternative mode photovoltaic power converter functionality control (27), and 3) systems that can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses. Switchmode impedance conversion circuits may have pairs of photovoltaic power series switch elements (24) and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements (25).
An electronics module docking system includes docking member removably coupled to a photovoltaic module. The docking system includes a first connector port electrically coupled to one or more photovoltaic cells of the photovoltaic module. The photovoltaic module is selectively coupleable to the docking member. The docking system includes a housing to enclose an electronics module. The housing may include second connector port that is selectively engageable to the power electronics module. The power electronics module and the photovoltaic cells are electrically coupled to one another upon selective engagement of the connector ports. The inverter housing is receivable by and removably coupleable to the docking member allowing the inverter housing to be removably coupleable to the photovoltaic module.
A method for controlling an multi-stage inverter comprises controlling an input converter of the multi-stage inverter with an input controller and controlling an output converter of the multi-stage inverter with an output controller separate from the input controller. The input controller and output controller may be galvanically isolated. Additionally, the method may include communicating data between the input controller and the output controller over a power bus of the multi-stage inverter.
An apparatus, device, and system for generating an amount of output power in response to a direct current (DC) power input includes a configurable power supply, which may be electrically coupled to the DC power input. The configurable power supply is selectively configurable between multiple circuit topologies to generate various DC power outputs and/or and AC power output. The system may also include one or more DC power electronic accessories, such as DC-to-DC power converters, and/or one or more AC power electronic accessories such as DC-to-AC power converters. The power electronic accessories are couplable to the configurable power supply to receive the corresponding DC or AC power output of the configurable power supply.
An inverter for converting an input direct current (DC) waveform from a DC source to an output alternating current (AC) waveform for delivery to an AC grid includes an input converter, an output converter, and an active filter, each of which is electrically coupled to a bus. The bus may be a DC bus or an AC bus. The input converter is configured to convert the input DC waveform to a DC or AC bus waveform. The output converter is configured to convert the bus waveform to the output AC waveform at a grid frequency. The active filter is configured to reduce a double-frequency ripple power of the bus waveform by supplying power to and absorbing power from the power bus.
A cascaded switching power converter for coupling a photovoltaic (PV) energy source to power mains provides a high-efficiency and a potentially simple control mechanism for AC solar energy conversion systems. The PV energy source charges a capacitive storage element through a DC-DC converter, and an inverter couples energy from the capacitive storage element to the mains supply. The DC-DC converter is controlled so that ripple present on the capacitive storage element due to current drawn by the inverter is not reflected at the input of the DC-DC converter, which is accomplished by varying the conversion ratio of the DC-DC converter with the ripple voltage present across the capacitor. The average voltage of the capacitor can also be increased with increases in the available power output from the PV energy source, so that a corresponding increase in power is transferred to the mains supply.
An apparatus and system for preventing branch circuit current overload in a non-dedicated branch circuit where current is supplied at least in part by a co-generation power system through an electrical receptacle or outlet. Co-generation systems of this type are typically used in residential applications and can include solar photovoltaic systems and wind turbines. The apparatus modulates or adjusts the current flowing into the branch circuit from the co-generation power system so that the apparatus does not cause the combination of current supplied from the utility power grid into the branch circuit and current supplied by the co-generation system into the branch circuit outlet to exceed the branch circuit current capacity.
A clip for both mounting and grounding photovoltaic panels is disclosed. The clip has retention tabs which interact with mounting rails to fully support photovoltaic panels during installation. The interaction allows for adjustment along the length of the mounting rails. Interlocking fingers allow the mounting clips to fit together securely. The interlocking nature of the mounting clips provides a secure fit between photovoltaic panels and requires less mounting hardware. Additionally, the interlocking nature of the mounting clips allows for security and stability of the photovoltaic panels during the mounting process, allowing a single installer to mount a number of photovoltaic panels. The use of serrated washers, or cutting edges on certain portions of the mounting clip provide grounding for the system by digging into both photovoltaic panels and mounting rails.
An isolation mount comprises a hollow wedge shaped shell having an upper sloped surface and at least three sidewalls extending therefrom to join a surrounding flange. The wedge shaped shell is thermoformed from a rigid plastic material. The upper sloped surface may include stiffening ribs and the shell may include a ballast recess adapted to contain roofing ballast. The inner perimeter portion of a skirt membrane is secured to the surrounding flange and an outer perimeter portion of the skirt extends away from the surrounding flange and is securable to a surface. The inner perimeter portion may be sealed to the surrounding flange. The inner perimeter portion defines a skirt membrane opening leading into a hollow region of the shell such that multiple isolation mounts may be stacked together.
A junction cover for a photovoltaic (PV) panel module system that includes a PV panel mounting structure, a rail, a PV module with a junction box and wiring extending between the rail and the junction box. The junction cover encloses the wiring and includes a base section, a nose section and a pair of feet. The base section includes a plate with first and second side walls extending downwardly therefrom to first and second edges to define an interior with an interior surface. The nose section extends from the base section to an open end and has a top wall, two sides formed by the side walls of the base section and an open side. The feet are located on either side of the open end of the nose section and extend therefrom. The feet engage the rail to secure the junction cover in place to enclose the junction box and wiring.
The DC-AC inversion of solar power in systems having high voltage, highly varying photovoltaic power sources may be provided to optimize input into a high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. The inverter may coordinate the conversion of solar power in photovoltaic DC-DC power converters to achieve a desired inverter operating condition. Desired inverter operating conditions may include singular voltage inputs, optimal voltage inputs, inverter sweet spot voltage inputs, and the like. The converters may be coordinated to convert output to optimal input characteristics of the inverter, to control a posterior photovoltaic operating condition, to control the converter for inverter operating conditions, and the like. Output from the inverter may be transferred to a power grid at high power levels with coordinated control possible for various elements.
A renewable electrical energy power system is provided with aspects and circuitry that can optimize operation of a DC-AC inverter. Alternative electrical energy sources may include solar cells and solar panels. In various embodiments, the system may include solar panel maximum power point independent inverter input optimization photovoltaic power control circuitry, inverter efficiency optimized converter control circuitry, inverter voltage input set point converter output voltage control circuitry, inverter sweet spot converter control circuitry, photovoltaic inverter duty cycle switch control circuitry, substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic inverter input control circuitry, and substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic inverter duty cycle control circuitry. With previously explained converters, inverter control circuitry or photovoltaic power converter functionality control circuitry configured as inverter sweet spot converter control circuitry can achieve extraordinary efficiencies with substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic capability at 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses.
An apparatus to deliver an alternating current (AC) power may include a controller having a processor and a memory. The apparatus may also include a plurality of power inverters in communication with the controller. Each power inverter may be configured to convert direct-current (DC) power into the (AC) power. Each of the plurality of power inverters may be configured to be controlled by the controller to generate AC power below at least one predetermined operating threshold. The plurality of power inverters may be configured to combine AC power generated by each of the plurality of power inverters, such that the combined AC power is delivered to a common AC load above the predetermined operating threshold. The apparatus may be arranged and operated according to a ratio of FMA=Fr/N, where Fr=fs/fl, fs is the switching frequency of the plurality of power inverters, fl is the frequency of the common AC load, and N is the number of power inverters of the apparatus.
An apparatus and method for controlling the delivery of a pre-determined amount of power from a DC source to an AC grid includes an inverter and an inverter controller. The inverter includes an input converter, an energy storage capacitor, and an output converter. The inverter controller includes an input converter controller and an output converter controller. The input converter controller includes feedforward controller configured to perform a calculation to determine a value for the duty cycle for the input converter such that: (1) the input converter delivers the pre-determined amount of power and (2) the magnitude of a ripple signal reflected into the input source is attenuated toward zero. The input converter controller may also include a quadrature corrector configured to determine the effectiveness of the calculation in attenuating the ripple and to adaptively alter the calculation to improve the effectiveness.
An apparatus, device, and system for generating an amount of output power in response to a direct current (DC) power input includes a configurable power supply, which may be electrically coupled to the DC power input. The configurable power supply is selectively configurable between multiple circuit topologies to generate various DC power outputs and/or and AC power output. The system may also include one or more DC power electronic accessories, such as DC-to-DC power converters, and/or one or more AC power electronic accessories such as DC-to-AC power converters. The power electronic accessories are couplable to the configurable power supply to receive the corresponding DC or AC power output of the configurable power supply.
An apparatus for delivering AC power to an AC load may include a plurality of inverters to receive direct current (DC) power from a respective DC power source and respectively provide AC power to an AC load. The apparatus may further include a first controller to generate a first control signal based on total AC current and total AC voltage being delivered to the AC load by the plurality of inverters. The apparatus may further include a plurality of secondary controllers to each receive the first control signal and each produce a respective secondary control signal based on the first control signal. The respective secondary control signal for each of the plurality of secondary controllers is configured to control a corresponding one of the plurality of inverters to provide a portion of the AC power.
A method and apparatus for controlling an inverter includes operating the inverter in a one of a normal run mode or a pulse mode depending on one or more criteria. When operating in the pulse mode, the inverter generates a sinusoidal output pulse waveform including a plurality of pulses having a determined pulse width. The pulse width is less than a half-wave period of a full-cycle sinusoidal waveform and may be determined as function of, for example, the output power of the inverter, a grid voltage, and/or other criteria.
Series strings of photovoltaic (PV) modules with integrated dc-dc microconverters that can function in buck, boost, or an intermediate bridge mode based on the load can harvest more energy than conventional central-inverter architectures, especially when the arrays are partially shaded or when the modules are mismatched. The integrated multi-mode dc-dc converter includes a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) algorithm that can track the true MPP, even when a PV module becomes partially-shaded, without scanning the entire output voltage range. The algorithm compares power levels only at a voltage that occurs when a bypass diode bypasses a portion of an associated PV module, and multiples thereof.
The disclosed embodiments increase the power generated by a photovoltaic (PV) array, when the PV panels within the PV array are not uniformly illuminated or oriented or when PV panels are mismatched (e.g., have varying performance characteristics) and/or operate at non-uniform temperatures. It also provides simpler interconnection and wiring of the elements (e.g., PV panels) of the array. A dc-dc converter comprised of a DC transformer is coupled to each PV panel in a photovoltaic array to generate an increased dc voltage from a lower dc voltage produced by the PV panel. The outputs of the dc-dc converters are connected in parallel to a dc bus, which distributes the resulting voltage. As a result, the energy generated by the PV array is increased, the costs of system design and installation are reduced, and it becomes feasible to install PV arrays in new locations such as on gabled or non-planar roofs.
"The invention relates to improved techniques for manufacturing power conditioning units (inverters) for use with photovoltaic (PV) modules, and to inverters manufactured by these techniques. We describe a solar photovoltaic inverter, comprising: a power conditioning circuit mounted on a circuit board, the power conditioning circuit having a dc power input to receive dc power from one or more photovoltaic panels and an ac power output to deliver ac power to an ac mains power supply
"The invention relates to improved techniques for manufacturing power conditioning units (inverters) for use with photovoltaic (PV) modules, and to inverters manufactured by these techniques. We describe a solar photovoltaic inverter, comprising: a power conditioning circuit mounted on a circuit board, the power conditioning circuit having a dc power input to receive dc power from one or more photovoltaic panels and an ac power output to deliver ac power to an ac mains power supply
We describe a modular adjustable power factor renewable energy inverter system. The system comprises a plurality of inverter modules having a switched capacitor across its ac power output, a power measurement system coupled to a communication interface, and a power factor controller to control switching of the capacitor. A system controller receives power data from each inverter module, sums the net level of ac power from each inverter, determines a number of said capacitors to switch based on the sum, and sends control data to an appropriate number of the inverter modules to switch the determined number of capacitors into/out of said parallel connection across their respective ac power outputs.
