The present invention provides a motor driven by shape memory alloys for use in a variety of applications. In the disclosed embodiment, the motor is used to drive a photovoltaic panel so that the panel may remain in appropriate alignment with the sun throughout the day. In such a configuration, the motor assembly relies upon the intrinsic properties of shape memory alloys, in conjunction with a spring assembly, in order to generate sufficient torque in order to rotate the photovoltaic panel. In order to control the orientation of the panel, the system relies upon a sun tracking mechanism which includes an analog sensor circuit, a plurality of phototransistors and a power source. Accordingly, the device is able to rotate the photovoltaic panel in discrete and precise increments as the day progresses.
A system of electrical modules includes a plurality of modules, including power modules, control modules, and output modules. Power modules provide power for powering one or more control and output modules. Control modules provide control signals to one or more output modules. Output modules perform predefined functions responsive to receiving power from a power module and/or a control signal from a control module. All of the modules have like mating connectors and like connector wiring. This arrangement forms a system bus across any given plurality of modules, when those modules are serially interconnected in a daisy chain. In at least one embodiment, the mating connectors and the connector wiring are standardized across the system such that any module can be coupled to any other module, and the ordering of the modules in the daisy chain is not fixed.
A photovoltaic module for installation with roof tiles on a sloping roof. The photovoltaic module includes a photovoltaic panel
A portable, lightweight and detachable photovoltaic window system affording a resource for converting solar power in existing buildings and similar structures. At least one photovoltaic panel is interconnected to a building window or entrance casing or directly to a window pane through use of lanyards, hook and loop fasteners, or suction cups. Solar energy is captured from direct sunlight incidental to the location of the window. A panel may be removably supported by a fabric material interconnected to an interior wall via hook and loop fasteners. An inverter converts energy from DC to AC for powering electrically driven devices. A pocket is provided on the panel support for temporarily storing the auxiliary devices. This system enables a person with little knowledge of solar energy equipment a convenient and inexpensive method to convert sunlight into useful energy without major alterations to the building or window unit being used as a light-source.
A mounting system for mounting photovoltaic panels on a support structure. The mounting system comprises photovoltaic panel frames in which the photovoltaic panels are mounted, panel support rails, and mounting brackets or cross beams for supporting the panel support rails. The panel frames have inwardly extending panel frame extensions on their back side. The panel support rails are mounted on the support structure with either pivoting brackets or cross beams. In either case, the support rails have pairs of stationary clamps and movable clamps with clamp lips that engage the panel frame extensions of the panel frames.
A solar power unit having the following features: It can rotate on an axle to face the sun The solar collectors are arranged in a stepped shape. It has mirrors that can fold out to increase the area over which sunlight is collected. There is a protective bonnet that can cover the solar collectors during inclement weather. The invention has a semi-cylindrical main body that rests on a stand, supported by an axle on which it can pivot to track the sun. The stepped solar collectors are on the upper half of the main body and are covered by the mirrors when they fold in. A first embodiment has a battery that stores electricity generated by sunlight and an inverter for converting direct current from the battery to alternating current. A second embodiment has parabolic collectors that heat water to create high pressure steam that is used to generate electricity.
A photovoltaic (PV) integrated variable frequency drive system having a variable frequency drive and an energy source. The variable frequency drive having a back end inverter, a DC bus electrically connected to the back end inverter, and an active front end electrically connected to the DC bus to facilitate bi-directional power flow to and from a power grid. The energy source being electrically connected to the DC bus.
Embodiments of the invention can provide systems, methods, and an apparatus for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power. According to one embodiment, a system for converting DC power to AC power can be provided. The system can include a DC power source electrically coupled to a DC-to-DC converter. The DC power source can be associated with a first ground, and the DC-to-DC converter can be operable to isolate the power provided by the DC power source from the first ground. The DC-to-DC converter can be further operable to condition the DC power and to provide the conditioned DC power to an inverter. The inverter can receive the conditioned DC power and can convert the conditioned DC power to AC power. The AC power can be associated with a second ground and can be provided to at least one load electrically coupled to the inverter.
A solar panel mounting assembly including a bracket having a base, a central member extending from the base defining a channel opening in a direction away from the base, and first and second coplanar rails carried on the central member and spaced apart from the base, and a locking cap that lockingly engages within the channel including first and second spaced legs and a head that overhangs a portion of each of the first and second rails. A solar panel mounting system including a solar panel, bracket and locking cap.
A solar panel mounting bracket having a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs configured to clamp around a supporting pipe, a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion configured to clamp a flange of a solar panel to the bracket. A solar panel mounting system including a bracket having a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs and a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion, a solar panel having a flange on its frame, and a pipe positioned within the channel of the pipe clamp portion.
A solar panel mounting system having a support, a railing and a clamp by utilizing all the components made with the metal structural members available in the market without resorting to a special fabrication or extrusion for saving material costs. It also saves labor for installation. The plurality of supports are screw connected to the roof rafters to accommodate the solar panels. The plurality of rails are placed on the supports and screw connected at job site. The plurality of clamps are slid inside the rail tube from the ends of rails to proper locations for tightening the solar panels by plurality of clips.
A system for the detection of welded contacts in a circuit of a line converter system has a plurality of inverter switches, a plurality of utility switches in which a pair of utility switches is connected in series through a line to a utility, a voltage detector, an electronic controller, and a DC input source. The line converter system converts incoming DC power into AC output power that is delivered to the utility grid. The voltage detector measures the voltage across a first node and a second node of the circuit and provides an output that is interpreted by an electronic controller for each step performed during a method of detection of welded contacts. The detection method has a sequence of test steps in which at least one switch is opened and/or closed, a DC bus of the inverter or the utility grid is used as a stimulus voltage, and the voltage is measured. If a voltage is not detected across the first and second nodes, the test sequence is continued until a welded contact is...
Embodiments of the invention can provide systems, methods, and apparatus for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power. According to one embodiment, a system for converting DC power to AC power can be provided. The system can include a DC power source that provides a first DC power signal to a converter. Coupled to the converter can be a controller for transforming the first DC power signal into a plurality of AC power signals. The controller can also phase shift at least one of the plurality of AC power signals and combine the phase shifted AC power signal with at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal. The controller can also convert the second DC power signal to an AC power signal.
The system of the present invention comprises a fully integrated and self-contained alternating current (“AC”) photovoltaic (“PV”) solar panel device, which features an integral micro-inverter having a compression connector fitting for electrically connecting to the utility grid. The compression connector fitting includes an upper and lower housing, which each include a cavity portion for receiving the main electrical conductor wire. The connector fitting further includes three electrical prong devices, which are designed to penetrate the insulation of the main electrical conductor wire, upon compression onto the main electrical conductor wire. Each micro-inverter converts DC power generated by its respective solar panel to grid-compliant AC power.
Embodiments of the invention can provide systems, methods, and apparatus for operating a power converter. According to one embodiment, a system for operating a power converter can be provided. The system can include a direct current (DC) power source with an output electrically coupled to an input of the power converter. The system can also include a controller operable to modify the performance of the DC power source through the power converter. As part of this modification, the controller can determine whether a low voltage ride (LVRT) event exists in a load and can adjust the DC power source when a LVRT event occurs.
A power conversion system for providing power to an electrical grid is described. The system includes a boost converter coupled to a photovoltaic (PV) array and configured to control a PV array voltage. The system also includes an inverter coupled to the boost converter by at least one conductor and configured to regulate a voltage drop across the at least one conductor. The system also includes a system controller configured to control operation of the boost converter and the inverter.
